: The Department of Computer Science at the University of Houston invites applications for two tenure-track faculty positions at the Assistant/Associate Professor levels. We welcome applications from exceptional candidates in all research areas. We are especially interested in human-computer interaction, programming languages, computer systems, high performance computing, and security. The department is seeking outstanding candidates with the potential for exceptional research, excellence in teaching, and mentoring graduate and undergraduate students. The anticipated start date for this position is September 1, 2024. Applicants must possess an earned doctorate in computer science, computer engineering, or closely related fields before the start date. Applicants are asked to please provide contact information for 3 professional references. The University of Houston is a Carnegie Tier One public research university located on a park-like campus a few minutes from downtown Houston. The university has embarked on an exciting period of research growth, a rising reputation, and committed leadership. The Department of Computer Science is home to a dynamic and interdisciplinary group of 30+ full-time faculty members and over 1,800 undergraduate and graduate students. The University's prime location in America's fourth-largest city supports extensive industry partnerships and experiential learning opportunities. Renowned for its energy industry and NASA's Space Center, Houston is home to a vibrant cultural scene with world-class museums, theaters, and restaurants. Houston thrives as a hub for innovation, education, and arts, fostering a unique blend of community charm and modern progress. Rank will be commensurate with experience. The university is responsive to the needs of dual-career couples. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the positions are filled. Pre-application inquiries are welcome and prospective applicants are encouraged to contact Dr. Shishir Shah at sshah@central.uh.edu . The University of Houston is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution and recognizes protected classes of race, color, sex (including pregnancy), genetic information, religion, age (40 and above), national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or status, and gender expression as required by federal law. Veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
