Data Analyst I







                JT4
              


              Edwards, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      4 hours ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who JT4 has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        JT4, LLC provides engineering and technical support to multiple western test ranges for the U.S. Air Force, Space Force, and Navy under the Joint Range Technical Services Contract, better known as J-Tech II. JT4 develops and maintains realistic, integrated test and training environments and prepares our nation's war-fighting aircraft, weapons systems, and aircrews for today's missions and tomorrow's global challenges.Job Summary - Essential Functions/DutiesThe incumbent, under direction of a senior level Analyst or Supervisor, performs segments of professional and scientific analysis of actual and predictable operational activities of a military, government or business system to obtain a quantitative, rational basis for decision making or for resource allocation.Designs, develops, and adapts a variety of methods to analyze operational problems. Utilizes modeling and measuring techniques, mathematics, statistical methods, engineering methods, operational mathematics techniques and other principles and laws of scientific and economic disciplines. Develops and conducts analytical studies to provide advice and evaluations of the probable effects of alternate solutions to problems. Performs professional work in operations research and analyzes test runs on computers to correct or direct correction of programs and input data. Conducts studies to organize data collection to select and apply appropriate methods of analyses, to evaluate findings and draw reliable conclusions. Develops, maintains and produces analytical documentationPerforms other related duties and tasks as requested.Requirements - Education, Technical And Work ExperienceAssociates degree or equivalent vocational/academic training in computer science, engineering, physics, or mathematics, or 3 years of experience in a related field without an academic degree. Demonstrated skill in analyzing problems which include identifying relevant factors, gathering pertinent information, and recognizing solutions. Possess skills in performing fundamental, accurate work which requires planning and logical steps. Capable of communicating, both verbally and in writing. The incumbent must possess a valid, state issued driver's license. Must qualify for and maintain a Security Clearance. U.S. Citizenship is required.SALARYThe expected salary range for this position is $65,520 to $85,176 annually.Note: The salary range offered for this position is a good faith description of the expected salary range this role will pay. JT4, LLC considers factors such as (but not limited to) responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/training, key skills, internal peer equity, as well as, market and business considerations when extending an offer.BenefitsMedical, Dental, Vision Insurance**Benefits Active on Day 1Life InsuranceHealth Savings Accounts/FSA'sDisability InsurancePaid Time Off401(k) Plan Options with Employer MatchJT4 will match 50%, up to an 8% contribution100% Immediate VestingTuition ReimbursementOther ResponsibilitiesEach employee must read, understand, and implement the general and specific operational, safety, quality, and environmental requirements of all plans, procedures, and policies pertaining to their job.WORKING CONDITIONSTypical office environment with no unusual hazards, occasional lifting to 20 pounds, constant sitting while using the computer terminal, constant use of sight abilities while reviewing documents, constant use of speech/hearing abilities for communication, constant mental alertness, must possess planning/organizing skills, and must be able to work under deadlines.DISCLAIMERThe above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by personnel assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of persons so classified.Tasking is in support of a Federal Government Contract that requires U.S. citizenship. Some jobs may require a candidate to be eligible for a government security clearance, state-issued driver's license or other licenses/certifications, and the inability to obtain and maintain the required clearance, license or certification may affect an employee's ability to maintain employment.SCC: JOTDA18, A1412TW
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Defense and Space Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at JT4 by 2x

              See who you know