Crime Analyst







                The City of Bakersfield
              


              Bakersfield, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who The City of Bakersfield has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Salary: $5,029.27 - $6,128.03 MonthlyDescriptionUnder general supervision, is responsible for performing statistical research and analysis work in support of police operations; applies crime analysis work in the framework of the Police Department's community policing philosophy; and performs other work as required.Representative DutiesMinimum QualificationsFor a full job description, please click here .QualificationsApplications will be accepted only from those applicants who  CLEARLY  demonstrate on the  COMPLETED APPLICATION AND SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE that they possess the minimum qualifications which include:Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor's degree in criminal justice, statistics, public or business administration, behavior or computer science or a closely related field, AND One (1) year of work experience performing research and statistical analysis or crime analysis, preferably with a law enforcement agency, OR; An equivalent combination of training and experience which provides the capabilities to perform the described job duties, AND; Possession of a valid California Class "C" driver's license, AND;  Must be able to pass a police background check.  HIGHLY DESIRABLE:  Exceptional attention to detail; Ability to work under pressure and perform multiple tasks with accuracy; Knack for problem solving and identifying patterns; Intellectual curiosity and keen initiative. OTHER MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:  As listed in the full job description link above. PRELIMINARY BACKGROUND QUESTIONNAIRE:  Prior to appointment, applicants must successfully complete a preliminary investigation of their personal history and background to determine suitability for this position with the Bakersfield Police Department. Qualified candidates will be required to submit a  COMPLETED  Preliminary Background Questionnaire by  November 27, 2023 (Tentative) , prior to the Oral Appraisal Interview. Instructions will be provided at a later date.Examination (Weighted: 100%) EXAMINATION:  ORAL APPRAISAL INTERVIEW (Weighted 100%) December 4, 2023 (Tentative): An appraisal will be made of the applicant's education, training, experience, and personal qualifications for the position. A minimum passing score of 70% is required. **NOTE: Admission to the Oral Appraisal Interview may be limited to those applicants who demonstrate the best combination of qualifications. Applicants possessing the minimum qualifications are not guaranteed admittance to the Examination. Employment applications must be properly completed in accordance with instructions on the face of the application form. All pertinent information needed to determine that the applicant meets the minimum qualifications must be shown on the application and supplemental questionnaire; otherwise, the application may be rejected. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of a COMPLETED application .Full Summary Of Benefits By Bargaining Unit Blue & White Miscellaneous Unit  Fire Safety Unit  Police Safety Unit General Supervisory & Management Unit (coming soon)VACATION: Accrual rate is determined by bargaining unit.1-4 years of service: 10 days per year.5-13 years of service: 15 days per year.14+ years of service: 20 days per year.Vacation - Fire Safety Shift Personnel Only1-4 years of service: 4.68 (24-hr. duty shifts)5-15 years of service: 7.02 (24-hr. duty shifts)16+ years of service: 9.36 (24-hr. duty shifts)HOLIDAYS: 13 paid holidays per year.SICK LEAVE: Earned at the rate of one working day per month of service to a maximum of 120 days; portions therafter may be convertible.ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE: 10 days per year for General Supervisory and Management employees.INSURANCE: The City and the employee share contributions for premiums for health insurance coverage. The City provides life insurance benefits based on bargaining unit. Visit the City's Employee Benefit website for detailed information (rates and plan information).RETIREMENT: Benefits are provided by the City's participation in the Public Employee's Retirement System (PERS). 2% @ 62 for new hire Miscellaneous and 2.7% @ 57 for Safety (Fire & Police). Visit the City's Retirement websitefor additional information.Closing Date/Time: 11/16/2023 1:00 PM Pacific
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Associate
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Other
          



            Industries
          

          Government Administration
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at The City of Bakersfield by 2x

              See who you know