Junior Software Engineer - Fully Cleared







                Eqlipse Technologies
              


              Columbia, MD
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      

          64 applicants
        








            See who Eqlipse Technologies has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Junior Software Engineer - Fully Cleared role at Eqlipse Technologies











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Junior Software Engineer - Fully Cleared at Eqlipse Technologies.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Eqlipse Technologies is currently seeking a Junior Software Engineer for a high priority and highly visible Cyber program. Eqlipse's team seeks problem solvers, innovators, technologists, and operators looking to remain at the forefront of driving meaningful change and make an enduring impact on the national security mission. As a member of the Eqlipse team your work will align the most innovative solutions to evolve and transform how our customers accomplish their most complex challenges.The AMI team designs, develops, and maintains systems of web-based analysis tools. The software suite includes containerized React user interfaces, Java and Go microservices, a custom REST security, and various data stores including MongoDB and an Opensearch cluster. It offers users access to real time alerting, historical querying using smart query builders, as well as document storage and retrieval. This position will utilize the candidate's software engineering experience as a full time frontend developer.HTML, JavaScript, CSS, React, NPMNo demonstrated experience is required with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or related field) or 4 years without the degree.Nice to HavesREST, Git, CI/CD, Maven, Docker, Java, GoTS/SCI with Poly"Eqlipse is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an email to HR@eqlipsetechnologies.com. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed. This option is reserved only for individuals who are requesting a reasonable workplace accommodation. It is not intended for other purposes or inquiries."
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Eqlipse Technologies by 2x

              See who you know