Software Developer Intern







                Noetic Strategies, Inc.
              


              Huntsville, AL
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who Noetic Strategies, Inc. has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Developer Intern at Noetic Strategies, Inc..
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Noetic is seeking a part-time Software Developer Intern to provide support to our software development department. This position is technical in nature, and it requires someone with a high level of attention to detail and accuracy with strong written, proofreading, and software skills. The position is primarily remote but will require some work at our corporate facility alongside other developers, testers, and customers to create and modify software. This position is earmarked for a student living in a HUBZone.ResponsibilitiesDesigns, develops, enhances, debugs, and implements software. Troubleshoots production problems related to software applications.Designs and develops new software products or major enhancements to existing software.Consults with project teams and end users to identify application requirements.Documents requirements as needed.Resolves problems with software and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements.Participates in development of software user manuals and technical reports.Supports the technical design and development for new and existing application solutions.Designs and implement dynamic user interfaces in .NET.Writes unit tests  Improves coding skillsQualifications1+ years of programming educationKnowledgeable with C# or JavaFamiliarity with DevSecOps, CI/CD processes, and source control such as Git and GitLabCreativity, desire to work with new technologiesDatabase and web experienceObtaining a BS in Computer Science/Engineering or related technical fieldThis internship is reserved for a student who resides in a Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUB Zone). Noetic is a HUB Zone certified company and as such gives preference to applicants who live in the HUB Zone. These addresses may be identified by cutting and pasting the included link into a browser and following the directions.Noetic Strategies Inc. offers a competitive salary, an extensive benefits package and a work environment that encourages excellence. For positions requiring a security clearance, selected applicants will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.Noetic Strategies Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer that does not discriminate in employment.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status.Noetic Strategies Inc. endeavors to make www.noeticstrategies.com accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact noeticstrategies.com for assistance. This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.Powered by JazzHRHr5KZGZiu7
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Internship
          



          Employment type
        

          Part-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Internet Publishing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Noetic Strategies, Inc. by 2x

              See who you know