Jr. Software Engineer Trainee (Full-time Paid)







                CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC
              


              Charlotte, NC
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 month ago
  
      

          102 applicants
        








            See who CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Jr. Software Engineer Trainee (Full-time Paid) role at CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Jr. Software Engineer Trainee (Full-time Paid) at CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












DescriptionPosition Overview:The Jr. Software Engineer Trainee is a paid, full-time, 8-week training role with a focus on training and providing experience working in an enterprise production environment. Our Sr. Engineers and Managers will provide firsthand instruction throughout the course of the program while enhancing the Jr. Software Engineer Trainee’s skills.The Jr. Software Engineer Trainee will build software and perform exercises focused on increasing abilities to build production-ready code utilizing the latest tools and technologies. Working within Vue.js and React.js, the Jr. Software Engineer Trainee will learn how to develop reusable UI elements, integrating frontend components with backend APIs, and learn how to build applications with innovative web technologies.Job ResponsibilitiesComplete training exercises and coursework related to building enterprise applications.Participate and contribute to lessons and code reviews with mentors.Write clean, well-tested, reusable quality code, adhering to best practices (and contribute towards continuous improvement of those practices).Learn how to operate in an Agile environment and contribute as a member of a Scrum team.Learn about CrossCountry Mortgage’s information technology standards and strategy.Understand technology trends and the practical application of existing, new, and emerging technologies for business needs.Participate in strategy definition, implementation, and planning of project efforts.Learn about the business goals and functions of CrossCountry Mortgage.Qualifications And SkillsExperience writing code in Javascript and at least one Frontend Framework (Vue.js, React.js).Experience writing HTML and CSS.Extensive knowledge of fundamental Computer Science concepts.Experience with user centric design and optimizing web pages.Firsthand experience performing Browser Testing and Debugging.Hands-on experience with Markup Languages.Excellent communication and prioritization skills.This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position.About UsCrossCountry Mortgage (CCM) is one of the nation’s top 3 retail mortgage lenders with more than 7,000 employees operating nearly 600 branches across all 50 states. We have been recognized nine times on the Inc. 5000 list of America’s fastest-growing private businesses and have received countless awards for our standout culture. Through our dedication to getting it done, we make every mortgage feel like a win.A culture where you can grow! CCM has created an exceptional culture driving employee engagement, exceeding employee expectations, and directly impacting company success. At our core, our entrepreneurial spirit empowers every employee to be who they are to help us move forward together. You’ll get unwavering support from all departments and total transparency from the top down.CCM offers eligible employees a competitive compensation plan and a robust benefits package, including medical, dental, vision, as well as a 401K. We also offer company-provided short-term disability, an employee assistance program, and a wellness program.CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC offers MORE than a job, we offer a career. Apply now to begin your path to success! https://crosscountrymortgage.com/about-us/careers/apply/California residents: Please see CrossCountry’s privacy statement for information about how CrossCountry collects and uses personal information about California consumers.CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC. (NMLS3029) is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, religion, creed, color, orientation, gender, age, national origin, veteran status, disability status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression, or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable federal, state and local laws. The collective sum of the individual differences, life experiences, knowledge, inventiveness, innovation, self-expression, unique capabilities and talent that our employees invest in their work represents a significant part of not only our culture, but our reputation. The Company is committed to fostering, cultivating and preserving a culture that welcomes diversity and inclusion. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation. CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC. is an FHA Approved Lending Institution and is not acting on behalf of or at the direction of HUD/FHA or the Federal government. To verify licensing, please visit www.NMLSConsumerAccess.org.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Internship
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Financial Services
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC by 2x

              See who you know