Software Developer Intern







                IMT Insurance
              


              Omaha, NE
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who IMT Insurance has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Developer Intern role at IMT Insurance











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Developer Intern at IMT Insurance.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        IMT Insurance is now accepting applications for our Summer 2024 Software Developer Internship position within the IMT Software Services department. IMT Software Services is a division of IMT Insurance and offers programs a complete suite of software for today's Mutual Insurance companies. As a Programming Intern, you will work within a team on various projects where you can put your web development skills to use and grow as an emerging developer. Ideal candidates will be passionate, self-motivated, detail-oriented and have an interest in developing skills through hands-on experience. If this opportunity is something that interests you, apply online today to learn more!Desired QualificationsMust be working towards a college degree. General Web Development/Knowledge is a must. C#, REACT, SQL Server and MS Visual Studio is a plus Agile experience is a plus. Ability to analyze and proven problem-solving skills. Ability to listen and communicate internally/externally to the customer, both verbally and in writing. High propensity to learn new technologies. What Defines UsOur vision is to provide peace of mind in the moments that matter.We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant based on race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.Our agents and customers come from all walks of life and so do we. Our goal is to hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, because it makes our team stronger. If you share our values and our passion for creating a Worry Free life for others, we want to talk to you!
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Internship
          



          Employment type
        

          Internship
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Insurance
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at IMT Insurance by 2x

              See who you know