Jr. Software Developer







                SoFi Stadium and Hollywood Park
              


              Inglewood, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who SoFi Stadium and Hollywood Park has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Jr. Software Developer role at SoFi Stadium and Hollywood Park











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Jr. Software Developer at SoFi Stadium and Hollywood Park.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












About Hollywood ParkHollywood Park, a near 300-acre sports and entertainment destination, is being developed by Los Angeles Rams Owner/Chairman E. Stanley Kroenke with the 70,000-seat SoFi Stadium as its centerpiece. Hollywood Park is the largest urban mixed-use mega development under construction in the Western United States. When complete, Hollywood Park will have up to 2,500 residences, a hotel, a retail district reaching up to 890,000 square feet, up to 5 million square feet of office space, and more than 25-acres of public parks and open space.Home to the Los Angeles Chargers and Super Bowl LVI Champion Los Angeles Rams, SoFi Stadium is the host of world-renowned sporting events, including Super Bowl LVI in 2022, College Football Playoff National Championship game 2023, WrestleMania 2023, World Cup 2026, and the Opening and Closing Ceremonies of the Olympics in 2028. Adjacent to the stadium and under the same roof canopy is a 2.5-acre open-air plaza, American Airlines Plaza, and the 6,000-seat YouTube Theater. YouTube Theater is an intimate venue, making it the perfect place for concerts, comedy, awards shows, esports competitions, community gatherings, conferences and more.CultureHollywood Park is being brought to life by a deeply experienced team of creative forward-thinkers. The project is a celebration of all that Los Angeles has to offer. We are inspired by our diverse Inglewood community as a place for the community to be, to see and to connect.Hollywood Park is committed to building and maintaining a workplace that celebrates the diversity of our team members, allowing them to bring their authentic selves to work every day.At the heart of Hollywood Park, lies our dedication to our purpose, promise, and commitments. Our PURPOSE is creating extraordinary experiences, one moment at a time. Our PROMISE is to be an iconic destination that celebrates our diverse and vibrant community. We promise to exceed expectations while cultivating a fun and safe experience where lasting memories are made. Our COMMITMENTS are outlined by S.T.A.R.S.Our S.T.A.R.S. commitments are enabled by five foundational principles:Start with Care – create a lasting impact through genuine care Thrive as a Team – create an environment of collaboration and encouragementAnticipate Unspoken Needs – be proactive in delivering extraordinary service and support othersResolve with Respect – treat others with empathy, patience, and kindnessSafety Always – maintain a safe and secure environmentPosition Summary SoFi Stadium and Hollywood Park is seeking Jr. Software Developer to assist in automation and efficiency for the organization. Primary responsibilities include creating, analyzing and modifying applications interfaces including testing, debugging. This person should have a team player attitude and demonstrate a flexible and adaptable work style that responds quickly and efficiently under pressure. SoFi Stadium and Hollywood Park are passionate about the guest experience for visitors and staff we support.Roles And ResponsibilitiesResearch, recommend and implement changes in software and interfaces to improve workflow and create efficiency. Communicate application problems and issues to key stakeholders, including management, and end users. Perform technical planning, systems integration, verification and validation, cost and risk, and supportability and effectiveness analyses for total systems including scripts, workflows and APIs. Handling incoming tickets to resolve application and software issues within databases, and other mission-critical systems. Test, maintain, and monitor system performance and applications while following change management protocols. Establish and maintain standards by supplying functional documentation, including diagramming, for cross training and support purposes as directedLearn and develop system integration skills by working closely with Sr. staff membersAfter hour and weekend event work requiredTake part in IT on-call rotation: May be called upon for service issues or failures at any time. Qualifications And Education RequirementsBachelor's Degree in Computer science or relevant experienceBasic scripting skills, initiative to research and try new technologiesKnowledge of computer hardware and software, including operating systems - both Windows and MacStrong written and verbal communication skillsPerks & BenefitsComprehensive healthcare plansUnlimited flexible time offHealth savings plans401k retirement savings planEmployee Assistance Program (EAP), which provides counseling for emotional health, legal assistance, financial consulting, and home life referrals. Employee resource groups (ERGs) are set up and run by team members, for team members. These networks not only celebrate our individualities, but also focus on professional development and understanding each other's diverse experiences. Professional and personal development opportunities, including Bravely CoachingSalary Range: $65,000.00 - $75,000.00In compliance with the California Pay Transparency Act, compensation information provided is a good faith estimate for this position only. Hollywood Park considers a candidate's education, certification, prior experience, as well as internal and external data when determining the salary level for potential new employees. Only in exceptional circumstances, if an external candidate has the experience, credentials, or expertise far exceeding what is expected for the position, would Hollywood Park consider paying a salary or rate near the higher end of the range.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at SoFi Stadium and Hollywood Park by 2x

              See who you know