Software Engineer







                Lockheed Martin
              


              Colorado Springs, CO
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Lockheed Martin has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Description:The coolest jobs on this planet… or any other… are with Lockheed Martin Space.At the dawn of a new space age, Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds’ hardest engineering problems.Do you want to be part of a culture that inspires employees to envision the impossible, perform with excellence and build incredible products? We provide the resources, inspiration and focus—if you have the passion and courage to dream big, then we want to build a better tomorrow with you.This position supports the Global Positioning System (GPS) Control Segment (GCS) program in Colorado Springs. Selected candidate duties will involve software engineering on the GPS software sustainment team. Primary duties include software development and maintenance for GCS simulation products. Candidate will assist with the engineering/implementation of technical refreshes/upgrades, and perform analysis of and develop solutions for identified software problems. Candidate will also test the solutions to ensure they resolve the problem and do not regress other software routines.Candidate will need to perform weekend/shift work to support critical program events as required. Candidate will need to travel to support software activities as required.Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.Basic QualificationsLearn more about Lockheed Martin’s comprehensive benefits package. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a similar technical discipline. Experience with one or more of the following software languages, utilities, or products: UNIX, Windows, Linux, C#, C++, C, Java, GitLab. Must have a Secret clearance prior to start.Desired Skills Experience with Agile methods, processes, and practices Experience with Ada software language Direct experience working with military customers Ability to be flexible in a dynamic environmentSecurity Clearance Statement: This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.Clearance Level: SecretOther Important Information You Should KnowExpression of Interest: By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.Ability to Work Remotely: Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility.Work Schedules: Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.Schedule for this Position: Standard Monday to Friday 40 hour work weekPay RateThe annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, or Washington is $105,000 - $201,100. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.(Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full time employees: accrue 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO); receive 40 hours of Granted PTO annually for incidental absences; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of PTO per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO is prorated based on hours worked and start date during the calendar year.This position is incentive plan eligible.Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.Experience Level: Experienced ProfessionalBusiness Unit: SPACERelocation Available: PossibleCareer Area: Software EngineeringType: Full-TimeShift: First
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Defense and Space Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Lockheed Martin by 2x

              See who you know