Software Tester - Worksoft







                High5
              


              Cincinnati, OH
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who High5 has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Tester - Worksoft role at High5











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Tester - Worksoft at High5.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Job Title : Software Tester - WorksoftPay Rate : $25/hr. - $30/hr - OnsiteLocation : Cincinnati , OHDuration : 26 WThe Test Automation Engineer is responsible for the creation, maintenance, and execution of automated test artifacts. The Test Automation Engineer will utilize a variety of tools and scripting languages to create high quality, reusable automated test scripts that can be utilized in multiple environments. This person should possess a strong foundational understanding of testing principles, processes and methods as defined in the methodology framework. Engineer is also responsible for ensuring that the testing standards, guidelines, and testing methodology are applied as specified in testing approach and that all testing results are easily accessible and understandable.Responsibilities Use automation test tools to develop and maintain automated test artifacts. Contribute to the sections of the automated test plan. Complete sections of a maintenance plan for automated test scripts as assigned. Plan, develop and execute automated functional and performance test scripts. Capture, analyse and report test results to managers and project executives. Log and track defects. Maintain automation script repository. Obtain application authentication and authorization for automated testing in all environments. Conduct automated role-based testing. Contribute to work estimates as necessary. Execute testing data management plan activities. Consistently provide high-quality analysis of assigned issues. Expand functional/data model knowledge of the application. Seek and share ways to improve test processes via the use of automation. Assist in evaluating and maintaining automation tools, as necessary.Qualifications we seek in you!Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field. Worksoft Testing experience Required – (5-7) Years. Working within the Testing phases of the SDLC - Required – (7-10) Years Good to have experience in consulting projects. Effectively communicate in English, in both written and oral forms


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Contract
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Staffing and Recruiting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at High5 by 2x

              See who you know