IT Analyst







                Hekima Business Solutions LLC
              


              Armonk, NY
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Hekima Business Solutions LLC has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save IT Analyst at Hekima Business Solutions LLC.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Job DescriptionJob OverviewHekima Business Solutions is seeking a System Analyst to serve as a member of the End User Services team, providing first-line support to employees across a wide range of IT-related issues and inquiries. The System Analyst will also Interact face to face with employees in the Washington DC office and remotely with employees across other offices, they will be expected to promptly pick up and resolve or escalate IT support tickets, respond timely to inquiries, support other members of the End User Services team, and maintain open and communications with their supervisor and the wider IT team. The candidate must be professional with attention to detail and patience.Job SkillsExcellent computer skills. Experience installing, configuring, and supporting Windows 10 and Office 365 including Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Teams, OneDrive, and Active Directory. Prior experience with desktop setup, remote support, asset tracking, file restores, and printer installation in a networked environment. Experience configuring iPhones, iPads, Android devices, and Lenovo laptops. Understanding of basic networking principles includes switching, Wi-Fi, LAN and Bluetooth, connections, and troubleshooting. Experience using ticketing systems to track workflows, creating documentation, and contributing to knowledge base articles. PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS:Curious, passionate about technology, and a deep desire to understand how things work. Able to quickly master new systems and software applications. Strong problem solving and analysis skills. Excellent customer service with strong follow up and follow-through Attention to detail with strong oral and written communication skills. Ability to multitask and manage time efficiently. Well-developed maturity, credibility, confidence, and integrity. Highly collaborative with a strong focus on teamwork. Communication SkillsAble to read, analyze, and interpret general business and technical information. Able to draft clear, concise, and professional written communications. Able to effectively present information and respond to questions from attorneys, groups of managers, and clients. Able to articulate technical concepts in non-technical terms and interact with users with varying levels of technical skills. Qualification Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field; or equivalent experience. Law firm experience is helpful but not required. ResponsibilitiesServe as the first line of support for IT tickets, providing technical assistance and troubleshooting to users via phone, email, or video. Analyze and document problems, recommend solutions, initiate corrective actions, follow up and keep users informed of status. At all times, adhere to all BSF information security policies and procedures. Ensure all user interactions are professional, calm, courteous, and helpful, regardless of the issue or user attitude. Redirect unresolved issues to the next level of support as necessary. When appropriate, provide user training on firm technology and applications. Provide periodic updates for your supervisor and or the team. Support team members and actively participate in regular IT team meetings. Always look for a better way to do things. PHYSICAL DEMANDS:The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and exhibit finger and hand dexterity. The employee frequently is required to talk or hear. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, and color vision. This position requires periodic travel.AVAILABILITY REQUIREMENTS:Attendance Requirement Must maintain regular and acceptable attendance at such level as is determined in the Firm’s sole discretion. Regular Hours Requirement Must be regularly available and willing to work at least 8 hours per day, 40 hours per week as the Firm determines are necessary or desirable to meet its business needs. Overtime Requirement Must be available and willing to work such overtime per day or per week as the Firm determines is necessary or desirable to meet its business needs. Weekend and Holiday Requirements Must be available and willing to work such weekends and holidays as the Firm determines are necessary or desirable to meet its business needs. Travel Requirement Must be available and willing to travel to such locations and with such frequency as the Firm determines is necessary or desirable to meet its business needs. Company DescriptionHekima Business Solutions is a collaborative network of IT professionals. We bridge the gap between having a good job and a great career. Technology is a constantly evolving field, but one thing remains the same: great people are what make a company succeed. By looking beyond technical skills and assessing candidates on intangibles including drive, intellectual capacity, and leadership, we nurture those who can truly make a difference in the industry.Hekima Business Solutions is a collaborative network of IT professionals. We bridge the gap between having a good job and a great career. Technology is a constantly evolving field, but one thing remains the same: great people are what make a company succeed. By looking beyond technical skills and assessing candidates on intangibles including drive, intellectual capacity, and leadership, we nurture those who can truly make a difference in the industry.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Part-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Hekima Business Solutions LLC by 2x

              See who you know