Cybersecurity System Engineer (Intern)







                Lockheed Martin
              


              Moorestown, NJ
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Lockheed Martin has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Description:At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS), we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach - and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future!We are seeking a talented summer intern hire who is currently pursuing a degree at an accredited college or university and will be given work related to that degree area. Acceptable degree programs will include only information technology related programs such as Computer Science, Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering and Information, Sciences and Technology. Basic skill requirements will include knowledge, experience, and a desire to learn systems engineering (requirements, interface development, risk and opportunity management), and cybersecurity testing. Candidate must be able to work within a team environment under supervision from senior engineersWhat You'll DoPerform various cybersecurity systems engineering tasks.Generation of requirements, models procedures, reports and artifacts.Perform verification testing and vulnerability analysis.Support lab testing events and integration efforts.Basic QualificationsPursuing a bachelor's degree in Cybersecurity, Computer Engineering, Systems Engineering Computer Science, or STEM related degree from an accredited college. Demonstrated potential to work in a team environment.Must be a US Citizen; this position will require a government security clearance. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.Desired SkillsThe following are appreciated, but not required: Prior Coursework in Cybersecurity, such as Security Fundamentals, Networking Security or Operating System Security. Beginner experience with agile methodologies, automation techniques, DevSecOPs, vulnerability analysis. Scripting experience (e.g. Python, Bash, Perl, Powershell). Strong verbal and written communication skills. Strong leadership, administrative and interpersonal skillsLinux command line and file system experience Security+ certification Vulnerability analysis experience using cybersecurity toolsSecurity Clearance Statement: This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.Clearance Level: SecretOther Important Information You Should KnowExpression of Interest: By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.Ability to Work Remotely: Part-time Remote Telework: The employee selected for this position will work part of their work schedule remotely and part of their work schedule at a designated Lockheed Martin facility. The specific weekly schedule will be discussed during the hiring process.Work Schedules: Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.Schedule for this Position: 4x10 hour day, 3 days off per weekLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.Experience Level: Co-op/Summer InternBusiness Unit: RMSRelocation Available: NoCareer Area: Cyber Security EngineeringType: Part-TimeShift: First
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Internship
          



          Employment type
        

          Internship
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Defense and Space Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Lockheed Martin by 2x

              See who you know