SQL Developer







                Steneral Consulting
              


              Richfield, MN
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      5 days ago
  
      

          192 applicants
        








            See who Steneral Consulting has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save SQL Developer at Steneral Consulting.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Share only 2 profilesLocal candidates onlyTitle: SQL Developer - 29697-1Duration: ContractLocation: Minnesota (Must be local with local DL copy)Skills Overview:At least 10 years experience writing SQL in a business environment.Minimum of 5 years of related professional experience in IT, Marketing Research, Analytics or Marketing.A strong business process/operations/analytical background.Bachelor's degree (marketing, MIS, computer science, or business)Experience handling sensitive customer data using privacy and security standards and processesSkills Overview:A SQL skills test will be required. Basic Requirements At least 10 years experience writing SQL in a business environment. Minimum of 5 years of related professional experience in IT, Marketing Research, Analytics or Marketing. A strong business process/operations/analytical background. Bachelor's degree (marketing, MIS, computer science, or business) Experience handling sensitive customer data using privacy and security standards and processes. Strict attention to detail. A curious mindset. Ability to manage a variety of tasks and requests from many different departments and colleagues. Ability to work comfortably and professionally in a dynamic and collaborative environment. Strong communication skills to translate between business and technical requirements and interact with a variety of stakeholders. Able to adjust communications as appropriate for audiences with varying degrees of technical expertise.Preferred Qualifications At least 3 years experience with Campaign Management Applications/Software Expertise with the following concepts:Relational databasesDatabase marketingData manipulation/ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) Expertise in data management (security, hygiene, etc.), direct marketing, campaign analytics, and/or retail industryJob Description: Tell us about your department:The CRM Operations team is responsible for managing ***’s email, direct mail, text, and push customer communications. Positions in other companies may refer to the team as Campaign Operations or Marketing Operations.Project Description:This project entails supporting the data needs for marketing communications utilizing our marketing tools to prepare customer data for those communications. Our tools include Unica and MessageGears but if someone is familiar with other marketing tools they will be able to understand and learn the tools that we use. This project will also involve writing complex SQL code against multiple databases. Working with customer data is a core function of this project.The project DOES NOT involve database administration duties, data science duties, marketing strategy duties, backend analytic reporting duties, or analytic model building duties. Individuals that have focused their career on the types of duties above may not find this position challenging as it does not require the duties mentioned above.Position Summary/Job Description:Responsible for designing, building, and maintaining complex database queries, stored procedures, workflows, and processes using SQL within a complex data environment that includes Google BigQuery, Netezza, and Oracle databases. This role is responsible for supporting data requirements for customer communication efforts in support of a variety of initiatives across all *** brands and channels. This position works within data warehouses, executes data import/transfers, supports reporting environments via applicable data attribute logging, and solves data challenges daily. This position works collaboratively with Email Architects, Marketing team colleagues, and Third-Party Vendor partners to ensure that CRM campaigns are executed correctly and within the appropriate deadline.Key Responsibilities Writes and executes SQL queries utilizing common table expressions (CTE), inner joins, outer joins, cross joins, grouping, subqueries, and a variety of different types of criteria used to support customer selection for marketing campaigns, data investigations, and count requests. Responsible for the moderate to very complex design of data processes for direct marketing campaigns. Works with email architects and Third-Party vendors such as: MessageGears, Salesforce, etc. to ensure data meets requirements. Performs data quality assurance review and the quality assurance review of the final communication before the communication (email, direct mail, and Phone list) launches. Identifies and develops new campaign program improvements. Participates in efforts to build new direct marketing capabilities through new technical design projects.Identifies and manages process improvement efforts to continue to refine the campaign operations processes.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Contract
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Software Development
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Steneral Consulting by 2x

              See who you know