Sr. Director of Technology







                St. Mary's Food Bank
              


              Phoenix, AZ
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      

          36 applicants
        








            See who St. Mary's Food Bank has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Sr. Director of Technology at St. Mary's Food Bank.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Elevate your career with a purpose-driven opportunity as the Sr. Director of Technology at St. Mary’s Food Bank, where your leadership will play a key role in the strategic growth of our organization. Managing a small, dedicated team, your hands-on approach to IT support will be the driving force behind our day-to-day operations. If you are ready to channel your passion for technology into a meaningful and transformative role, and contribute to a cause that truly matters, join us in making a difference every day.ResponsibilitiesStrategy and Leadership: Partners with senior management to develop and identify business and technology needs to optimize the use of information technology Understand long-term IT needs and lead the development of an enterprise-wide strategy Oversee the deployment of technology initiatives throughout the organization Adhere to IT standards, policies, and processes Assess, select, and manage 3rd party IT vendors to support technology projects and operations Assess technology and cybersecurity risk and communicate risk and mitigation strategies to senior managementIT Systems Administration Ensure systems and services are configured and administered for optimal use throughout the organization. These systems include but are not limited to, computers, networks, servers, backups, phones, printers, mobile devices, I-pads, security, email, audio/visual conference equipment, and all related hardware and software, including license management. Oversee data security, management, and governance to ensure a robust cybersecurity framework is in place Develop and maintain organizational standards, policies and best practices for systems, hardware, and software in line with evolving technology. Research, procure, and track inventory for hardware, software, users, license information, and passwords Ensure compliance with federal technology requirements for securityService Provision and Team Management Manage internal helpdesk resources and serve as an escalation point in resolving issues. Manage escalation of help desk issues to outsourced managed services vendor as well as product/project specific vendors. Manage queue and resolution of support tickets to deliver a high level of customer satisfaction Oversee and develop the Technical Support Specialist Manage vendor performance and contracts to effectively and efficiently meet business objectives Manage the technology department budget and ensure alignment of resources with strategy Other duties as assignedQualifications Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field of study 7+ years of experience Experience with the following technologies current in use:Microsoft Dynamics NAV/Business Central experience preferredJira Service Desk experienceJet Professional, Jet AnalyticsOffice 365 and Azure administrationMicrosoft Active Directory and Windows infrastructureLansweeper Asset ManagementMitel Connect AdministrationHigh Availability HyperV configurationsDell server/workstations/SANSDWANCisco networkingAruba wireless Experience designing and managing an effective IT governance framework Ability to install, configure, and troubleshoot desktop systems including installed software Thorough understanding of WAN and LAN design and maintenance Positive and proactive communication style High level of customer service Minimal travel within the state of Arizona as needed, estimate less than 5%St. Mary’s offers a generous compensation package which includes medical, dental, vision, 401K, PTO, employer paid life insurance, short-term and long-term disability and more!Qualified candidates are invited to submit their resume and salary requirements to: https://jobs.firstfoodbank.org/
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Director
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Strategy/Planning and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Non-profit Organizations
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at St. Mary's Food Bank by 2x

              See who you know