Software Engineer







                Microsoft
              


              Redmond, WA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Microsoft has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Azure is the fastest-growing business in Microsoft’s history and is the foundation of Microsoft’s commercial Cloud Services. We are the Azure Core team that builds and manages the core platform across compute, storage, and networking services. We have an exciting opportunity for you to innovate and shape the world’s computers, and we encourage you to apply and learn more!   If you are a dedicated Software Engineer, passionate about Cloud and Web Services technologies, eager and able to delve into and learn exciting new technologies, with the tenacity to solve hard technical problems, then this position is for you.Be part of an open, fun, and diverse team that is focused on building next generation common operational platforms, services, and solutions for Azure cloud. We leverage cutting edge Azure service, data, and ML technologies to build products that are widely used across Microsoft teams. We embrace inclusivity and diverse ideas – we use empathy, trust, and ownership to drive our team culture and deliver products in a quick and iterative manner. You will be working in a fast-paced environment, tackling problems that don’t have a defined solution, but require creativity and teaming to deliver meaningful business outcomes. We continuously strive for world class engineering and operational excellence. You will have the freedom to influence our designs and architectural roadmap and drive specific goals around scalability and availability.   Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.ResponsibilitiesDesign and implement cloud engineering systems and platformsCollaborate with developers and program managers throughout the development lifecycle (sprint planning, scrums, code reviews, and live site management, etc.) Embody our Culture and ValuesQualificationsRequired QualificationsBachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or PythonOR equivalent experienceOther RequirementsAbility to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background CheckThis position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.Preferred QualificationsSolid Computer Science fundamentals, fluent in multi-threaded, asynchronous programming, architecture at scale.  Good technical design, problem solving and debugging skills. Good written and oral communication skills Experience in developing and managing web services, IaaS, PaaS on Azure, AWS, or Google is plus Software Engineering IC2 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $76,400 - $151,800 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $100,300 - $165,400 per year.Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay#azurecorejobsMicrosoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Not Applicable
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Software Development
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Microsoft by 2x

              See who you know