Software Engineer Early Career







                Lockheed Martin
              


              King of Prussia, PA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      

          42 applicants
        








            See who Lockheed Martin has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Engineer Early Career role at Lockheed Martin











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Engineer Early Career at Lockheed Martin.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Description:By bringing together people that use their passion for purposeful innovation, at Lockheed Martin we keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work. With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel development and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. At Lockheed Martin, we place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering innovation, integrity, and exemplifying the epitome of corporate responsibility. Your Mission is Ours.Lockheed Martin Space in King Of Prussia, PA is seeking an early career Software Engineer. In this role, you will be developing Software on an Agile Development Team. The successful candidate will have experience and/or knowledge of C++, JAVA, C#, DevOps, Kubernetes, Angular. Must be a US Citizen; this position will require obtaining a government security clearance. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.Basic QualificationsAcceptable degree programs include only science and technology related disciplines such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Math, Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Cyber Security or related discipline.Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information, including US Citizenship. Ability to obtain a DOD-Secret Clearance required for this role.Desired SkillsProficiency in as many of the following: C++, C#, Java, XML, Windows, .NET, and UNIX, system software and scripting development, Angular, Java programming, web development, System analysis, System design, Software Design, Software Development and Implementation, Software Test or Cyber Security.Strong Problem SolverWorks both independently and in team settingsSecurity Clearance Statement: This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.Clearance Level: SecretOther Important Information You Should KnowExpression of Interest: By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.Ability to Work Remotely: Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility.Work Schedules: Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.Schedule for this Position: 9x80 every other Friday offLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.Experience Level: 4 yr and up CollegeBusiness Unit: SPACERelocation Available: PossibleCareer Area: Software EngineeringType: Full-TimeShift: First
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Defense and Space Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Lockheed Martin by 2x

              See who you know