Project Assistant







                New York State Insurance Fund (NYSIF)
              


              New York, NY
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      

          67 applicants
        








            See who New York State Insurance Fund (NYSIF) has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Project Assistant at New York State Insurance Fund (NYSIF).
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Minimum Qualifications A bachelor's or higher-level degree including or supplemented by 15 semester credit hours in computer science, OR A bachelor's or higher-level degree in any field including or supplemented by 15 credit hours in computer science with at least 9 credit hours in programming languages, OR A bachelor's or higher-level degree in any field and at least one year of the experience in the following computer related areas: computer programming; business/systems analysis; program design; or program testing, OR Two years of experience in information technology.Preferred skills: Oracle, MVC, .Net Core, C#.Net, APIs.NYSIF offers employees the opportunity to telecommute, with employees required to report to the office at least 50% of the time per pay period.Duties DescriptionAs a member of NYSIF’s Application Development Team, incumbents of these positions will play a key role in developing software to meet the essential business needs of the agency. As a member of a full stack development team, incumbents will assist in the design and creation of both front and back-end software development. Duties include but are not limited to: Analyze and gather requirements for current and future processes. Design/create database structures including PL/SQL, tables, packages, procedures, functions. Design/create websites, APIs, and batch processes. Research trending technology and assist management in implementation of new technologies. Provide production support as needed.Current projects that incumbents may be involved include but are not limited to: Policy Systems Modernization PHS Billing PARS System Modernization Mass Mailing processes using ADOBE FormsAdditional CommentsNYSIF has a telecommuting program.The New York State Insurance Fund (NYSIF) was established in 1914 as part of the original enactment of the New York State Workers’ Compensation Law. NYSIF's mission is to guarantee the availability of workers’ compensation insurance at the lowest possible cost to New York employers and to provide timely, appropriate indemnity and medical payments to injured workers, while maintaining a solvent fund. Since inception, NYSIF has fulfilled the dual roles for which it was created: to compete with other carriers to ensure a fair marketplace and to be a guaranteed source of coverage for employers who cannot secure coverage elsewhere.NYSIF is the largest workers’ compensation carrier in New York State and among the top 10 largest workers’ compensation carriers in the nation, insuring approximately 139,000 policyholders, with more than $1.8 billion in annual earned premium and over $22 billion in assets. A self-supporting insurance carrier, NYSIF operates without taxpayer funding.In addition to workers’ compensation insurance, NYSIF provides disability benefits coverage for off-the-job injuries to more than 56,000 New York employers. In 2018, NYSIF added paid family leave as a component of its disability benefits product, providing New Yorkers with job-protected, paid time away from work to care for their families.NYSIF Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and InclusionThe New York State Insurance Fund (NYSIF) prioritizes and champions diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) throughout our agency. NYSIF provides equal opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or any other protected category under federal, state, and local law. We believe that embracing our differences brings richness, new ideas and experiences to NYSIF, which energizes a creative and innovative work environment. We strive to foster a workplace where diverse individuals are able to participate fully in the decision-making process and have ample opportunity for advancement. We are committed to investing the necessary resources and attention to improving the engagement, retention, and promotion of the extraordinary talent we have.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Science, Information Technology, and Engineering
          



            Industries
          

          Insurance
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at New York State Insurance Fund (NYSIF) by 2x

              See who you know