Web Developer







                Oleria Security
              


              Bellevue, WA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      

          42 applicants
        








            See who Oleria Security has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Web Developer at Oleria Security.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












About:Oleria is an enterprise cybersecurity startup that raised $8M in seed funding led by Salesforce Ventures with participation from Tapestry VC and industry luminary angel investors. We recognize that identity based attacks on software as a service (SaaS) applications are becoming increasingly common, highlighting the importance of addressing access risks to prevent data breaches. Traditional access management methods are human-intensive and often have significant unidentified gaps, making it challenging to manage access risks effectively. At Oleria, we are on a mission to revolutionize access control tooling for enterprise SaaS applications, aiming to reduce the opportunity and scope of data breaches drastically.Oleria was founded by notable industry senior leaders Jim Alkove and Jagadeesh Kunda, with deep security, data, and SaaS experience building and securing some of the world's largest platforms and products used by billions of people worldwide every day. Our customers are Fortune 500 corporations and public sector organizations, making your contributions vital to improving data security for millions worldwide.Job Overview:We are looking for a talented Web Developer to join our team. As an early hire, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining our company's websites and web applications. You should have excellent problem-solving skills, and a passion for creating high-quality, user-friendly web experiences.Many fundamental choices have not yet been made, so this greenfield background is an unusual opportunity to have broad ownership and ability to define requirements and goals for across product delivery, tools, and process.Above all, you have a bias for action. You love getting product out the door and learning from tight feedback loops, and love the satisfaction you'll receive from knowing that your contributions are directly improving the security of data for millions of people in the world.ResponsibilitiesDesign, develop, and maintain responsive websites and web applications. Collaborate with the design and marketing teams to ensure a seamless and visually appealing user experience. Implement user interfaces using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Optimize web applications for maximum speed and scalability. Ensure cross-browser compatibility and responsive design. Implement security best practices to protect against common web threats. Optimize web performance and loading times for an exceptional user experience. Work closely with cross-functional teams, including designers, product managers, and developers. QualificationsBachelors in computer science or related, or equivalent experience3+ years of professional experience in web developmentProficiency in front-end technologies such as React, Typescript, Next.js, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Experience with content management systems such as WebflowProven experience as a web developer, with a strong portfolio showcasing your work. Experience with web development tools, and version control systems (e.g., Git) Knowledge of responsive web design principles. Have shipped and operated high-scale commercial SaaS products, with all that entailsContinuous learning mindset to stay updated with the latest web development trends and technologies. Ability to work and thrive in a fast-moving world with ambiguity and potential change as daily companionsExcellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience in cybersecurity or SaaS industry, especially with Access, Identity and Governance would be a plusWhat we offer:Competitive salary, equity, and benefits package. Opportunities for professional growth and advancement in a fast-growing company. The chance to work directly with our co-founders and contribute meaningfully to shaping the company's direction. A collaborative and dynamic work environment with a dedicated team of professionals. The annual compensation range being offered for this role depending on individual candidate level and experience is $90,000 to $180,000 including base salary and equity.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Oleria Security by 2x

              See who you know