Software Engineer - Early Career







                Lockheed Martin
              


              Herndon, VA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 days ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Lockheed Martin has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Engineer - Early Career role at Lockheed Martin











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Engineer - Early Career at Lockheed Martin.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Description:By bringing together people that use their passion for purposeful innovation, at Lockheed Martin we keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work. With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel development and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. At Lockheed Martin, we place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering innovation, integrity, and exemplifying the epitome of corporate responsibility. Your Mission is OursThe GVS system was first deployed in 2006 and became a Program of Record in 2008. The program’s mission is to provide visualization services that facilitate access to GEOINT data and products in an online, on-demand environment to agencies across the Federal Government. The GVS suite of services are provided to the community in various formats to allow integration across a wide variety of client technologies and applications. GVS also provides applications that can be used to visualize GEOINT as well as additional utilities & technologies that aid in visualization.The GVS program is seeking an Early Career Software Engineer to support an agile scrum team in performing sustainment and new development activities based on program priorities. Successful candidates for this position will have training (BS) in a science or technology related discipline and experience in at least one of these skill or computer language areas: JavaScript, Java, C, C++, C#, XML, Windows, .NET, and LINUX/UNIX, system software and scripting development, web development, System analysis, System design, Software Design, Software Development and Implementation, Software Test. Candidate will work in an Agile team environment utilizing Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) or other agile methodologies and processes. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.Basic Qualifications Acceptable degree programs will include only science and technology related programs such as Computer Science, Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, etc. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information, including US Citizenship. Ability to obtain a TS/SCI Clearance required for this role. Web Application Development experience Experience working on a Development team within SAFe or other Agile Release Trains Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong interpersonal skills Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic, collaborative team environmentDesired Skills Prior experience working with one or more of the following environments and applications: Red Had Linux, Postgres, AWS, and Apache Proficiency with one or more of the following software languages: JavaScript, Java, PHP, C++. Candidate will have knowledge of basic software practices such as coding standards, unit testing and configuration management, database and system administration. Good communication skills. Strong team player. Candidate will work in an Agile team environment utilizing software methodologies and processes. Familiarity with Agile Development Process a plus. Strong communication skills a results-oriented team player, creative thinker and problem-solver and follow all ethical standards of the Lockheed Martin Corporation. Experience with Angular and/or Angular.JS Experience with Git and contributing to open source projects Prior experiences working under a microservices architecture such as DockerSecurity Clearance Statement: This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.Clearance Level: TS/SCIOther Important Information You Should KnowExpression of Interest: By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.Ability to Work Remotely: Part-time Remote Telework: The employee selected for this position will work part of their work schedule remotely and part of their work schedule at a designated Lockheed Martin facility. The specific weekly schedule will be discussed during the hiring process.Work Schedules: Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.Schedule for this Position: 9x80 every other Friday offLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.Experience Level: 4 yr and up CollegeBusiness Unit: SPACERelocation Available: PossibleCareer Area: Software EngineeringType: Full-TimeShift: First
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Part-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Defense and Space Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Lockheed Martin by 2x

              See who you know