Jr. UI/UX Designer







                Qwalifize Staffing & Consulting
              


              Kissimmee, FL
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      

          192 applicants
        








            See who Qwalifize Staffing & Consulting has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Jr. UI/UX Designer at Qwalifize Staffing & Consulting.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Type:  Direct Hire Full Time or Part Time:  Full time Pay Rate:  $20-$25/hr Location:  Kissimmee, FL 34741 Language RequirementsWrite, Read, and speak English fluently Job OverviewOur Learning Management System Client is looking to hire a Jr. UI/UX Designer to join their team. Their clients include commercial and government agencies who need assistance creating proprietary programs for their ongoing initiatives. Their clients include commercial and government agencies who need assistance creating proprietary programs for their ongoing initiatives. We are seeking a professional who shows a passion for entertainment, media, arts, and technology and is interested in learning. As a Jr. UI/UX Designer, you will be trained on driving the UX process working on user flows and research. The ideal candidate will have end to end UI/UX experience. This opportunity will operate 100% onsite and possibly remote after 3 months of successful performance. This role will also be exposed to performing voice overs, creating templates and using your creativity in so many ways in other duties as assignedExperience Requirements2 years of professional UI/UX experience and end to end UI/UXDesign for mobile devices, desktop screens, etc.Excellent communication skills UI/UX design tools: Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe XD, Azure RP, InVision, etc. Physical Requirements:  Able to sit in front of a computer for long periods of time, ability to lift up to 15, dexterity of fingers. Education RequirementsUI/UX design certficationEducation PreferencesAssociate's in Computer Science or Graphic Design Training ScheduleTBD ScheduleTBD Dress CodeBusiness Casual BenefitsTBD Additional InformationDrug and background screenings. Valid identification and reliable transportation required. We are an E-Verify employer. We will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Our employees are authorized to work in the United States.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Design, Art/Creative, and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Software Development
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Qwalifize Staffing & Consulting by 2x

              See who you know