UX Developer Intern







                Oracle
              


              United States
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      5 hours ago
  
      

          51 applicants
        








            See who Oracle has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the UX Developer Intern role at Oracle











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save UX Developer Intern at Oracle.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Job DescriptionOracle Design UX Summer 2024 InternshipApplication Developer Internhttps://design.oracle.com/Grow your UX Design Career with Oracle Design Oracle Design is seeking current undergraduate junior students and graduating seniors who are looking to enter the exciting world of User Experience (UX) Design in Summer 2023. Thrive in this crucial role! We are a group of 600+ multi-disciplinary creatives from around the globe, dedicated to making the design profession more accessible and inclusive. Come and join our diverse and dynamic team to create brand-new applications that connect, empower, and delight our users. We are excited to work with you early in your career!The CompanyOracle is the world’s leading provider of business software. With a presence in over 175 countries, we are one of the biggest technology companies on the planet. We use innovative emergent technologies to tackle real-world problems. From advancing energy efficiency to reimagining online commerce, the work we do is not only redefining the world of business, but also helping advance governments, power nonprofits, and giving billions of people tools they need to outpace change.What You’ll Bring: (Objective Minimum Qualifications)To be considered for an internship position with Oracle Design, you must possess the Objective Minimum Qualifications below. Please ensure that your application clearly indicates that you meet these qualifications either on your resume and/or by uploading additional documents such as a transcript.Current undergraduate student or graduating senior with a passion for design and interest in entering the UX Design field; extensive design experience is not required as a pre-requisite, and we encourage non-traditional backgrounds (preferred majors are computer science, design technology, computer engineering, information technology, web development, software development, etc.)Junior or rising senior at the time of the internship in US accredited university.Available full-time, 40 hours per week during the work week (typically 9am-5pm) from May to August, or June to September 2023.Have no more than 12 months of professional full-time work experience in a relevant field (excluding internships, research/teaching assistant roles, and military experience)Able to obtain work authorization in the US in 2023About You (Preferred Qualifications)Emerging creative professional with a passion for creating experiences for a diverse community of usersExcited to bring your unique voice and perspective to Oracle Design’s creative teamInquisitive and open-minded, collaborative and a fantastic teammateYou don’t already know everything, and love to learn; you’re open to consuming quantitative and qualitative data to refine your assumptionsYou thrive on working well with others. You make the people around you better. You love to collaborate with designers, user researchers, engineers, product managers, executives and inspire them to do their best.Have deep empathy and a passion for understanding people, uncovering their values and unspoken needs, and designing solutions with that in mind.You might currently be studying or enrolled in coursework in one or more of the following areas: computer science, design technology, computer engineering, information technology, web development, software development or other relevant coursework.Familiarity with, Javascript, React, Preact, NodeJS, Java, HTML, CSSSome front-end experience coding in projects.Awareness of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDL) is a plus.As a UX Applications Development Intern you willBe responsible for creating, evaluating, and modifying prototypes to support evolving enterprise applications software.Develop rich, easy to use, web-based interfaces for a suite of system/application management SaaS services.Develop and apply software design and usability processes in the investigation of technical problems to improve enterprise applications.Drive the lifecycle of the UI for features – from ideation through wireframing, prototyping. Be involved in the complete delivery of the features by testing and validating the feature against the design.May develop user profiles, with emphasis on human error control, display issues, visual interaction, physical manipulation and task and objective analyses.Collaborate with other designers, product managers, engineering teams to implement UI features and iterate through requirements at rapid pace.Provide product usability, evaluation, and support to product development teams, including the analysis and investigation of applications/systems including tactile methods, visual graphics, web, multimedia, voice response and conversational user interaction.May assist in developing design concept and implementation, providing input on user design considerations. May produce specifications describing user needs and internal structures for product in development.You will partner closely with your fellow designers to innovate by designing coherent, seamless, and emotionally resonant, brand-new user experiences for our users.You will work closely with your partners in engineering to take your designs and turn them into reality.Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI)Oracle Design is dedicated to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace culture that reflects the opinions and perspectives of many different backgrounds and experiences. As an intern, you will join our global design team and add your unique point of view to our workforce. We’re committed to hiring employees from a wide range of backgrounds not only because diversity is a key driver of innovation, but it ensures we build products that best reflect the needs of our broad customer base. And most importantly, because it’s the right thing to do. Recent studies show that the design industry is in dire need of opening opportunities to young professionals underrepresented in the field, and we’re working hard to correct this imbalance. We’re committed to including, listening, and learning together on this journey.Interested in joining our team?Oracle Design is an Equal Opportunity employer and have a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all areas. We have a bent towards creating success for every employee by appreciating the uniqueness that each person brings to the workplace. Oracle Design strongly encourages applications from people from underrepresented backgrounds, women, LGBTQ+ candidates, veterans, and differently abled candidates. We welcome applications from individuals from all backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives.QualificationsDisclaimer:Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply with applicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to the United States onlyHiring Range: from $18.99 - $53.00 per hour; from $39,500 - $110,240 per year.Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account for variations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, as well as reflect Oracle’s differing products, industries and lines of business.Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors as well as internal peer equity.Oracle offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following: Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion Short term disability and long term disability Life insurance and AD&D Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child) Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation. 11 paid holidays Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours. Paid parental leave Adoption assistance Employee Stock Purchase Plan Financial planning and group legal Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insuranceAbout UsAn Oracle career can span industries, roles, Countries and cultures, giving you the opportunity to flourish in new roles and innovate, while blending work life in. Oracle has thrived through 40+ years of change by innovating and operating with integrity while delivering for the top companies in almost every industry.In order to nurture the talent that makes this happen, we are committed to an inclusive culture that celebrates and values diverse insights and perspectives, a workforce that inspires thought leadership and innovation.Oracle offers a highly competitive suite of Employee Benefits designed on the principles of parity, consistency, and affordability. The overall package includes certain core elements such as Medical, Life Insurance, access to Retirement Planning, and much more. We also encourage our employees to engage in the culture of giving back to the communities where we live and do business.At Oracle, we believe that innovation starts with diversity and inclusion and to create the future we need talent from various backgrounds, perspectives, and abilities. We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to successfully participate in the job application, interview process, and in potential roles. to perform crucial job functions.That’s why we’re committed to creating a workforce where all individuals can do their best work. It’s when everyone’s voice is heard and valued that we’re inspired to go beyond what’s been done before.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer*. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law. Which includes being a United States Affirmative Action Employer


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Internship
          



          Employment type
        

          Internship
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Oracle by 2x

              See who you know