Network & Systems Technician







                Capital Region BOCES
              


              Albany, NY
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Capital Region BOCES has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Network & Systems Technician role at Capital Region BOCES











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Network & Systems Technician at Capital Region BOCES.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Vacancy Number2024-154PositionNetwork & Systems TechnicianLocation:Northeastern Regional Information Center - Albany or North CountryBasic FunctionIncumbent in this class designs, installs and maintains personal computers, local and wide area networks and the associated peripheral equipment. Incumbent has the responsibility for the identification and correction of network and system problems. Incumbent performs duties during normal business hours or during the night and weekends as required. Work is performed under the general supervision of a Senior Network and Systems Technician (BOCES) or other professional. Does related work as required.Qualifications Graduation from a New York State or regionally accredited college or university with at least a Bachelor’s Degree in management information systems, computer science, information resources management, information technology, or a closely related field and one (1) year of full-time, paid experience in the installation, configuration, troubleshooting and maintenance of computer systems and networks; OR, Graduation from a New York State or regionally accredited college or university with an Associate’s Degree in management information systems, computer science, information resources management, information technology, or a closely related field and two (2) years of full-time, paid experience in the installation, configuration, troubleshooting and maintenance of computer systems and networks; OR, Graduation from high school or possession of a high school equivalency diploma and three (3) years of full-time, paid experience in the installation, configuration, troubleshooting and maintenance of computer systems and networks.Note Successful completion of a three (3) credit semester hour course in college-level computer science, computer information systems, or a closely-related field may be substituted for three months of appropriate experience. Successful completion of a course of study offered by a technical training institute, college or corporate training program may be substituted for one year of appropriate experience, if the following conditions are met: The course of training involves learning the fundamental aspects of computer programming, systems analysis, telecommunications, LAN/WAN system configuration or a similar course with technical emphasis on the operation of a connected computer system. The candidate provides an official description of the coursework and evidence that it was successfully completed.PROMOTIONAL: Immediately preceding the date of the examination, twenty-four (24) months permanent competitive class status as a Help Desk Technician in the agency where the vacancy, or anticipated vacancy, exists. Time served as a Help Desk Technician Trainee does not qualify towards promotional experience.Vacancies are filled by certified list provided by Albany County Civil Service. Should no certified list be available, candidates appointed to this position will be serving in a provisional appointment in accordance with New York State Civil Service Law. The candidate must successfully complete a competitive examination and be eligible for appointment in accordance with Civil Service Law and the Civil Service Rules for Albany County to obtain a permanent appointment.Responsibilities Installs and maintains personal computers and networks, including all peripheral equipment. Installs wiring and fiber optic cables. Installs and configures file servers, print servers, communications servers, network switches, personal computers and printers (network and desktop). Diagnoses computer and network problems on-site or by means of help desk staff with user telephone consultations. Works with vendors to configure and troubleshoot routers, circuit problems, and various third-party software applications. Upgrades computers and peripheral equipment. Tests wiring. Maintenance of various non-personal computer user interfaces (KRONOS Time and Attendance keypads, etc.). Assists in the testing of new operating systems and software titles for interoperability and functionality with existing systems and software. Attends seminars and technical education classes to keep abreast of current trends in information technology. Working knowledge of modern personal computers and local and wide area networks. Working knowledge of installation procedures relating to personal computers, local and wide area networks, peripheral equipment and software. Ability to install office computer systems and networks. Ability to evaluate equipment configuration requirements. Ability to diagnose computer system and network problems and assist in their resolution. Ability to direct users in system and network use. Ability to understand written material. Ability to follow oral and written directions. Physical condition commensurate with the demands of the position.Start DateAs soon as possibleApplication DeadlineDecember 8, 2023 (or until position is filled)Starting Salary$50,236 – $65,448 prorated to the amount of service renderedThe selected applicant will be subject to a fingerprint supported criminal history background check in accordance with SAVE Legislation effective July 1, 2001.Apply Tohttps://capitalregionboces.recruitfront.com/JobOpportunitiesFurther Information ContactCapital Region BOCES, 900 Watervliet-Shaker Road, Albany NY 12205or email crbrecruitment@neric.orgDateNovember 9, 2023
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Primary and Secondary Education and Non-profit Organizations
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Capital Region BOCES by 2x

              See who you know