Junior level Quality Assurance Analyst







                Logical Paradigm
              


              Herndon, VA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      

          35 applicants
        








            See who Logical Paradigm has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Junior level Quality Assurance Analyst at Logical Paradigm.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Company DescriptionLogical ParadigmInformation Technology And Serviceswww.logicalparadigm.com150 Elden Street, Herndon, VAJob DescriptionDesign, code, test, deploy and maintain testing automation solutions that provide automated test coverage of business functionality for the team. Create test plans, test cases and coordinate release management activities. Triaging production defects by utilizing tools like Splunk, Embrace, Charles proxy. Recommend improvements to existing QA processes, evaluate new tools, stay informed of industry QA trends. Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test cases that follow best practices and techniques. Recreate production issues to help determine the issue and verify any fixes. estimate, prioritize, plan & coordinate quality testing activities. Developing BDD scripts using Cucumber/TestNG by writing features and step definitions and developed selenium support code in java. Building Framework and setting up the environment of Micro-services, API, JavaScript etc. is a plus. QualificationsEntry level candidates are welcome to apply, they must have a Bachelor's or Master's degree from Computer Science or any IT related background (STEM Program). Previous experience in software development, quality assurance, or other related fieldsKnowledge of Java, Python, or other programming languagesFamiliarity with relational databases such as MySQL, Oracle, and SQL ServerShould have at least 1 year of IT experience. Basic Knowledge of QA processes with Java and related technologiesSkilled in any one or more language preferably Java/PythonWorking knowledge of writing scripts for Automation Frameworks is a plus. Good Communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skillsMust be willing to relocate National wide. Strong root-cause analysis skills. Deadline and detail oriented. Citizens, Green Card holders and those who are authorized to work in US are highly encouraged to apply. Also, we do sponsor H1B and Green Card for the right candidate.Additional Information Competitive Base Salary: Base Pay with periodic reviews (usually every 6 months) and increments.  Health Insurance:Our Company provides all its full-time employees with medical insurance. Health Insurance coverage (PPO Plan) is offered by United Healthcare, one of the leading healthcare companies in the United States. This allows easy access to dependable healthcare, through a large network of physicians and hospitals, spread across the United States. We also provide benefits like Dental/Vision -Workers Compensation and Life Insurance: Workers' compensation
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Contract
        



            Job function
          

            Quality Assurance
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Logical Paradigm by 2x

              See who you know