Front End Developer







                REVOLVE
              


              Cerritos, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      

          32 applicants
        








            See who REVOLVE has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Front End Developer role at REVOLVE











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Front End Developer at REVOLVE.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Meet REVOLVEREVOLVE is the next-generation fashion retailer for Millennial and Generation Z consumers. As a trusted, premium lifestyle brand, and a go-to online source for discovery and inspiration, we deliver an engaging customer experience from a vast yet curated offering totaling over 45,000 apparel, footwear, accessories and beauty styles. Our dynamic platform connects a deeply engaged community of millions of consumers, thousands of global fashion influencers, and more than 500 emerging, established and owned brands. Through 16 years of continued investment in technology, data analytics, and innovative marketing and merchandising strategies, we have built a powerful platform and brand that we believe is connecting with the next generation of consumers and is redefining fashion retail for the 21st century. For more information please visit www.revolve.com.At REVOLVE the most successful team members have a thirst and the creativity to make this the top e-commerce brand in the world. With a team of 1,000+ based out of Cerritos, California we are a dynamic bunch that are motivated by getting the company to the next level. It’s our goal to hire high-energy, diverse, bright, creative, and flexible individuals who thrive in a fast-paced work environment.To take a behind the scenes look at the REVOLVE “corporate” lifestyle check out our Instagram @REVOLVEcareers or .Are you ready to set the standard for Premium apparel?Major ResponsibilitiesEssential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.Lead the architecture, design, and development of robust, user-friendly, and high-performance React applications.Collaborate closely with product managers, UI/UX designers, and backend developers to define and implement effective solutions that align with business goals.Mentor and provide technical guidance to developers, fostering a culture of continuous learning and growth.Required CompetenciesTo perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field (or equivalent work experience). Proven experience, 4 years developing complex web applications using React.js, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.Strong understanding of frontend architecture, state management libraries (Zustand), and component-driven design.Experience with responsive and mobile-first design, ensuring seamless user experiences across various devices and screen sizes.Knowledge of RESTful APIs and asynchronous programming.Solid understanding of browser performance and optimization techniques.Excellent problem-solving skills and a detail-oriented mindset.Effective communication and collaboration abilities, with a passion for sharing knowledge and mentoring others.Experience with backend technologies, databases, and server-side rendering (SSR) is a plus.A successful candidate works well in a dynamic environment with minimal supervision. At REVOLVE we all roll up our sleeves to pitch-in and do whatever it takes to get the job done. Each day is a little different, it’s what keeps us on our toes and excited to come to work every day.For individuals assigned and/or hired to work in California, Revolve includes a reasonable estimate of the salary or hourly rate range for this role. This takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions; including but not limited to business or organizational needs, skill sets, experience and training, licensure, and certifications.A reasonable estimate of the current salary rate is $90,000 to $110,000 per year.AttentionAfter submitting your application, please check your spam folder for emails on your application status. Emails are sent from an ADP email address.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Retail Apparel and Fashion
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at REVOLVE by 2x

              See who you know