Programmer - Entry Level Hourly







                Lockheed Martin
              


              Aurora, CO
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 month ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Lockheed Martin has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Description:By bringing together people that use their passion for purposeful innovation, at Lockheed Martin we keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work. With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel development and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. At Lockheed Martin, we place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering innovation, integrity, and exemplifying the epitome of corporate responsibility. Your Mission is Ours.Lockheed Martin Space is seeking a Full Time, Entry Level/Hourly, Programmer in various locations.In this role you will do the following: support the full life-cycle development of spacecraft flight software solutions to include requirements analysis, object oriented analysis & design, code and unit test, integration, and support to formal test / delivery; working with experienced engineers creating solutions which will enable NASA to continue to explore deep space and provide support to the U.S. Intelligence Community.The Successful candidate will have experience and/or knowledge of the following: familiar with real-time development environments and languages (Python, Java, C, C++); supporting the final systems hardware and software integration and testing, generating the required documents for spacecraft delivery and completing the coding and unit level testing.Must be a US Citizen. This position is located at a facility that requires special access. This position will require a government security clearance.Basic Qualifications: Associate degree in Computer Science / Engineering, Information Technology, Cyber Security or related discipline or technical training, or related work experience. Completed coursework towards a related degree may be considered. Must be a US Citizen; This position is located at a facility that requires special access. Ability to obtain security clearanceDesired Skills: Ability to work in an agile environment and handle multiple priorities and internal customers. Experience with Python, Matlab, Simulink, R, or equivalent data science toolsets. Familiar with real-time development environments and languages (C, C++) Network experience – LAN/WAN/TCP/IPProtocol Information Security Domain knowledge Excellent written and verbal communicationSkills Proficient with Microsoft OfficeSecurity Clearance Statement: This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.Clearance Level: TS/SCI w/PolyOther Important Information You Should KnowExpression of Interest: By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.Ability to Work Remotely: Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility.Work Schedules: Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.Schedule for this Position: 4x10 hour day, 3 days off per weekPay Rate:The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, or Washington is $38,900 - $74,600. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.(Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full time employees: accrue 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO); receive 40 hours of Granted PTO annually for incidental absences; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of PTO per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO is prorated based on hours worked and start date during the calendar year.Pay Rate:The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California, and New York is $44,800 - $81,000. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate’s work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.Pay Rate:The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, or Washington is $38,900 - $74,600. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.(Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full time employees: accrue 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO); receive 40 hours of Granted PTO annually for incidental absences; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of PTO per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO is prorated based on hours worked and start date during the calendar year.Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.Experience Level: 2 yr Jr CollegeBusiness Unit: SPACERelocation Available: NoCareer Area: Software EngineeringType: Full-TimeShift: First
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Defense and Space Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Lockheed Martin by 2x

              See who you know