Information Technology Support Specialist







                National Bank of Coxsackie
              


              Coxsackie, NY
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who National Bank of Coxsackie has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Information Technology Support Specialist at National Bank of Coxsackie.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 









Direct message the job poster from National Bank of Coxsackie





            
        Nicole Bliss




              
        Vice President/Human Resources Officer at National Bank of Coxsackie
      
            

 










The IT support Specialist is responsible for various information technology responsibilities to ensure systems are secured to prevent data leakage. The specialist will confirm operating checklists are completed in a timely and accurate manner. Attention to detail and working independently are mandatory for this position. The general responsibilities of the position, which are all completed within the framework of Bank policies and procedures, are:· Monitor and report on IT system performance, security, and other metrics as required by the Network Administrator and the SVP of Operations.· Review IT related cyber security audits and research/develop strategies to mitigate known vulnerabilities.· Assist with reviewing and recommending potential cyber defense software. · Internal User Technical Support – Including but not limited to: Unlocking user accounts in various software packages, password resets, equipment, software and network troubleshooting, assist users with support for Microsoft Office applications, Exchange, as well as other internal systems as required.· Perform, monitor and report on all duties involving patching remote workstation operating systems and software.· Maintain and troubleshoot integrated banking systems (hardware and software).· Set up and install new software/systems as required. System hardening checklists are utilized.· Perform, monitor and report on daily backups of mission critical servers, PC’s and other systems as may be required.· Travel to branch locations for the purpose of troubleshooting, repairing, or replacing IT related equipment.· Maintain, troubleshoot and report on antivirus performance.· Destroy and/or dispose of faulty or outdated equipment in a manner consistent with bank security guidelines.· Perform hardware and software updates as supplied by vendors.· Assist management with testing/implementing new products and services.· Assist the Data Processing Department with various IT related projects.· Complete required paperwork as it applies to any assigned duty in an efficient and timely manner.· Complete other related miscellaneous duties as assigned by management.Necessary Skills, Training, and Dispositions:· Bachelor of science degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related field, and 3 years of work-related experience.· Technology/Banking/Customer support or customer service.· Excellent communications skills, especially verbal. Must be detail oriented.· Must be able to complete daily, weekly and monthly duties as assigned without supervision.· Extensive knowledge of Windows operating systems/servers a plus.· Proficient in all Microsoft Office applications.· Background in cyber detection and reporting. · Advanced understanding of Windows networking & Microsoft Active Directory. · Experience in PC and other office equipment troubleshooting and/or repair. The Bank offers Health and Dental Insurance, 401K with employer match, group life insurance, disability, and a time off package.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        




 

          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        

 














Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at National Bank of Coxsackie by 2x

              See who you know
            







            Featured Benefits
          

            Inferred from the description for this job
          






        Medical insurance
      






        Dental insurance
      






        Vision insurance
      






        401(k)
      






        Disability insurance