Analyst - Baseball Research and Development







                Milwaukee Brewers
              


              Milwaukee, WI
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      

          60 applicants
        








            See who Milwaukee Brewers has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Analyst - Baseball Research and Development role at Milwaukee Brewers











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Analyst - Baseball Research and Development at Milwaukee Brewers.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        As part of Research and Development Department, the Analyst will deliver research and tools to improve decision making, working with the Baseball R&D, Baseball Systems, and the entire Baseball Operations Department. The position requires a person who has intellectual curiosity, is a self-starter and can communicate technical and analytical concepts effectively to a non-technical audience.Core duties for this role include, but are not limited toEvaluate existing data sources and build predictive or explanatory models to aid in a variety of player acquisition, player development and gameplay decisions.Investigate emerging data sources and identify potential for predictive value and actionable insights to improve decision making.Develop visualizations and other mechanisms for disseminating analytical results to the front office, player development staff, and other baseball employees – including consideration for less technically and analytically inclined consumers.The ideal candidate will have Bachelor's degree (B.S./B.A.) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Operations Research, or related field from four-year college or university. Advanced degree or current pursuit of advanced degree in one of the areas mentioned above or a related field is desirable.Our TeamThe Research and Development Department is a critical component to the success of the Milwaukee Brewers organization. We develop the information used in decision-making processes across all other departments. You will be given the opportunity to work on new and innovative research problems and work with personnel across the front-office to see the implementation. We strive to discover the most accurate and actionable information possible to help the Brewers win the World Series.Our PitchYou come here to make a difference. We are a purpose-led organization, focused on building an inclusive and engaging culture that fosters excellence, collaboration and ingenuity. We strive to be a model employer and cultivator of talent, empowering our teams to drive innovation through the inclusion of diverse thoughts, ideas and perspectives. We operate at the highest standard of excellence, investing in the development of our staff across all levels and embracing differences through a culture of respect and understanding.We are proud to offer a highly competitive perks and benefits package includingExceptional health and dental rates, and fully covered vision package401(K) match and an additional annual contribution from the Club Unlimited vacation timePaid parental leaveCollaborative recognition program and incentivesLeadership development programmingOnline educational platform for personal and professional developmentEmployee Resource GroupsPaid time off for volunteering Year-round diversity, equity and inclusion training and developmentBrewers Home Game tickets, promotional giveaways and other discounts!For more information about our Crew, other benefits and insight into our Club culture please visit our Careers Page.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Business Development and Sales
          



            Industries
          

          Spectator Sports
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Milwaukee Brewers by 2x

              See who you know