Sr. Java Programmer







                AutoZone
              


              Elk Grove, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      

          87 applicants
        








            See who AutoZone has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Sr. Java Programmer role at AutoZone











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Sr. Java Programmer at AutoZone.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Position SummaryThe Sr. Java Programmer will be serving as a technical expert who creates new applications and provide updates and support to new and existent applications related to converting and/or extracting Original Manufacturer (OEM) vehicle–related content from acquired source format to an ALLDATA format (in preparation for publication).Position Responsibilities - Other Duties May Be Assigned Plan, analyzes, designs, codes, tests, implements and evaluates computer based information systems Researches and formally documents user requirements Completes technical tasks necessary to build XML content packages and develop tools, processes and User Interface for use by the editorial staff Documents and supports automotive content conversion and publication processes. Develops formal program specifications Creates valid proposals for stakeholders to review and approve Quickly identifies and creates solutions to software/process problems Provides coding support/advice to direct teammates Gathers requirements from department sub-teams for software and process improvements Promptly responds to trouble tickets Analyzes and programmatically manipulates a wide variety of html documents, pdfs, and image formats Creates MSSQL queries to troubleshoot issues and provide insights into stored dataPosition Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, equivalent or other engineering field Four plus (4+) years of experience in Software Development activities, including creating or updating applications and processes Three plus (3+) years of experience using any two or more of the following programming languages C#, JAVA, C++ and some experience with any of the following: MySQL, Oracle or MS SQL Server Expertise in documentation, project planning and usage of object-oriented methodologies Strong written and oral communication skills Responsible, dependable and adaptable for continuous learning Self-organized, self-motivated and positive attitude toward a multi-cultural team and environment Preferred qualifications: Agile Development experience. Supervisory and/or some personnel management experience AngularJS, Spring, Bootstrap.Salary: $94,000 - $165,000Compensation Range (USD): MIN 94000.0 - MID 129000.0 - MAX 165000.0
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Not Applicable
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Motor Vehicle Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at AutoZone by 2x

              See who you know