Software Engineer III - Backend







                Walmart
              


              Reston, VA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      11 hours ago
  
      

          159 applicants
        








            See who Walmart has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Engineer III - Backend role at Walmart











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Engineer III - Backend at Walmart.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Position Summary...What you'll do...As a part of Walmart Global Tech, you'll build industry defining reusable customer and partner facing services and products to lead differentiated experiences and revenue. You will be in the unique position to be of service to both our customers (1P as well as 3P) and our associates as a member of this organization supporting all segments of Walmart. If you are the type of person who feels a personal stake in everything that you work on, has a love for data, enjoys solving complex problems, has a passion for privacy, knows how to foster strong relationships and build trust, and works for the success of the entire team.About TeamOur team works closely with our US stores and eCommerce business to better serve customers by empowering team members, stores, and merchants with technological innovation. From groceries and entertainment to sporting goods and crafts, Walmart U.S. offers an extensive selection that our customers value, whether they shop online at Walmart.com, through one of our mobile apps, or in-store. Focus areas include customers, stores and employees, in-store service, merchant tools, merchant data science, and search and personalization.What You'll Do Design, build, and maintain high performant APIs and software services for our 1P and 3P customers. Develop robust, maintainable, reusable code for managing functionality, configuration, deployment, monitoring, performance, scalability, availability, security, and alerting for software test, integration, and production environments. P lan and implement a series of steps which potentially includes reconfiguration, integration, removal, or addition of application components to enhance the application's functionality, resiliency, usability, and security . Understand the Business/Stakeholder/Technical requirements and assist in analyzing the existing solutions to address the needs. Assist in creation of simple, modular, extensible functional design for the product/solution in adherence to the requirements. Assess gaps/ updates/ modifications between the customer/business expectations and the existing product/solutions. Analyze defects from past projects/solutions to avoid recurrence of similar defects . Analyze system performance impacting the complete product for non-functional requirements like reliability, operability, performance efficiency and security . Troubleshoot performance and availability bottlenecks for the application . Develop, maintain, and enhance automated test cases and deployment procedures. Follow coding and design best practices developed by the teams and contribute towards their continuous improvement.What You'll Bring Strong d evelopment experience in an OO language (Java, python, C++, C#, etc.) Experience with cloud application development including scalable, data driven, and message-oriented architecture. Experience designing scalable microservices. Experience designing loosely coupled services using asynchronous message processing including Kafka. Experience working on cloud scale massive relational and No-SQL databases. Experience with design patterns. Experience with code repositories and version control practices. Experience with CI/CD pipelines and best practices. Automated deployment experience is a plus. Experience in software quality and operational excellence practices. Experience in agile development methodology.About Walmart Global TechImagine working in an environment where one line of code can make life easier for hundreds of millions of people. That's what we do at Walmart Global Tech. We're a team of software engineers, data scientists, cybersecurity expert's and service professionals within the world's leading retailer who make an epic impact and are at the forefront of the next retail disruption. People are why we innovate, and people power our innovations. We are people-led and tech-empowered. We train our team in the skillsets of the future and bring in experts like you to help us grow. We have roles for those chasing their first opportunity as well as those looking for the opportunity that will define their career. Here, you can kickstart a great career in tech, gain new skills and experience for virtually every industry, or leverage your expertise to innovate at scale, impact millions and reimagine the future of retail.Flexible, Hybrid WorkWe use a hybrid way of working that is primarily in office coupled with virtual when not onsite. Our campuses serve as a hub to enhance collaboration, bring us together for purpose and deliver on business needs. This approach helps us make quicker decisions, remove location barriers across our global team and be more flexible in our personal lives.Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 2 years' experience in software engineering or related area.Option 2: 4 years' experience in software engineering or related area.Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.Customer ServiceMasters: Computer SciencePrimary Location...10790 PARKRIDGE DR. SUITE 200, RESTON, VA 20191, United States of America
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Retail
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Walmart by 2x

              See who you know