ENGINEER,ASSOCIATE SYSTEMS







                AutoZone
              


              Memphis, TN
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 day ago
  
      

          84 applicants
        








            See who AutoZone has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the ENGINEER,ASSOCIATE SYSTEMS role at AutoZone











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save ENGINEER,ASSOCIATE SYSTEMS at AutoZone.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        To deliver desired, sustainable business outcomes and assure the integrity and continuity of our systems. This position is responsible for the development, maintenance, and support of AutoZone's international systems. The ideal employee will be challenged to assist in providing solid problem solving for the support and development of applications. This includes acquiring domain knowledge, growing technical skills, supporting the customers, resolving problems, and training as required.Responsibilities Participate in development, maintenance, and support roles of the systems development life cycle; roles may vary by project and assignment.This May Include, But Not Limited To Planning , developing, and/or maintaining software applications and/or systems; Debug, design, code, test, write specifications, roll-out software, and production supportCreate executables and services to implement business logic.Maintain existing software by enhancing existing capabilities and debugging production issues to improve overall code quality.Collaborate with other AutoZone teams for development and deployment of the software in production. Technical services; software, maintenance; security operations Provide technical details of the software and business logic for the cross functional IT teams. Store engineering, coding based on design provided and roll-out implementation Implement store integration, update and write code based on the approved store design patterns and paradigms Accurate work planning and execution; accurate project and time tracking Ensure the low-level development tasks are designed and estimated accurately Ensure the features are delivered to production on time and with high code quality Track time accurately for the projects to ensure the work is capitalizable. Responsible for developing software defined by code specifications and system architectureEnsure the architecture is thoroughly understood and seek clarifications before starting to code.Build software based on architecture principles and approved patterns.Write unit and integration test cases to have code coverage for the software builtRequirements Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience Technical skills will include knowledge of software development frameworks Technical skills should include a minimum of 1 to 5 years of experience with one or more of the following (with no particular order of importance): Shell Scripting C/C++ Java Spring Windows Linux/UNIX Shell Scripting Git Solid problem solving, technical and analytical skills


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Not Applicable
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Motor Vehicle Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at AutoZone by 2x

              See who you know