Network Engineer







                AutoZone
              


              Elk Grove, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who AutoZone has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Network Engineer role at AutoZone











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Network Engineer at AutoZone.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Position SummaryThe Network Engineer position is a technical specialist role responsible for day-to-day operation as well as project management in support of the network infrastructure and associated services. The Network Engineer provides consultation for the design, development, and implementation of technical solutions within the company’s telecommunications environment which includes network, telephony, and video communication environments. This role will assist with requirements gathering, designing, documenting, and providing hands-on implementation of new voice, edge, core, and access network infrastructure. This position requires specialized skills and knowledge of software and hardware networking solutions, a comprehensive understanding of the company’s applications, unified communication system integration, and the ability to understand and anticipate business, customer, system, process, and project impacts.Position Responsibilities - Other Duties May Be Assigned Configure, test, and install switches, firewalls, routers and gateways, and support network environments for video and audio-conferencing environments. Implement, maintain, and support telephony and contact center telecommunications environments and related systems and solutions. Perform routine systems tasks (upgrades, back-ups, etc.) and resolve assigned Help Desk tickets in a manner consistent with service level guidelines and customer service expectations. Interact with customers and establish customer relationships to gather and analyze customer needs, assess available resources and determine optimal solutions. Coordinate vendors, maintenance, and upgrades to minimize downtime and/or impact on end users. Work with remote and external vendors to configure, deploy, test, maintain, monitor, and troubleshoot telecommunications network components. Assist with the design, development and implementation of data, voice, and video network services, that will be used to support the Enterprise and its satellites, coordinating with members of other enterprise functional teams to ensure departmental goals are supported. Monitor, analyze and correct system errors and initiate service calls as required. Proactively monitor and analyze system resources to ensure optimal performance, applying system level patches or upgrades as necessary and coordinating system backups to ensure accuracy and integrity. Administer user accounts and security access, providing documentation and training to users prior to implementation of new accounts and/or products, as necessary. Ensure all security and privacy guidelines are accurately implemented. Accurately document instances of hardware failure, repair, installation, and removal.Position RequirementsMinimum of bachelor's degree in network administration, computer science, or software/computer engineering. Master's or doctoral degree a plusExperience in a related field with real-world skills and testimonials from former employees5-7+ years of experience of relevant network administration experience is a MUST2 years of consulting experience preferredStrong knowledge of LAN/WAN technologiesStrong knowledge of ITIL processes, incident, problem and change managementStrong communication, presentation & interpersonal skillsSelf-starter, results-oriented & delivery-focusedHighly Desirable: Strong knowledge of supporting network environments for VoIP solutions Cisco Contact Center & Genesys; knowledge of supporting network configurations to support Microsoft Teams Voice and Cisco Unified Communications ManagerHighly Desirable: Fiber/SAN (Cisco, Brocade or similar) administration experienceHighly Desirable: Linux and/or Windows administration experienceCCNA certification preferredSalary: $94,000 - $165,000Compensation Range (USD): MIN 94000.0 - MID 129000.0 - MAX 165000.0
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Not Applicable
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Motor Vehicle Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at AutoZone by 2x

              See who you know