Technical Support Specialist







                Motion Recruitment
              


              Logan, UT
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      

          28 applicants
        








            See who Motion Recruitment has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Technical Support Specialist at Motion Recruitment.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 









Direct message the job poster from Motion Recruitment





            
        Tyler Wagner




              
        Senior Recruiter at Motion Recruitment
      
            

 










Our client, a global provider of technologies and services, is looking to hire a Technical Support Specialist to join their team in Logan, Utah. **This opening is a 12-month long contract position, with the opportunity for conversion**This Technical Support Specialist will play a key role in the customer support function. You are expected to demonstrate strong technical knowledge and a customer service focus for a wide variety of technologies and applications. This work plays a key role in the overall satisfaction level of our customers.What You Will Be DoingResponds to and resolves customer tickets that include questions, requests for services and technical troubleshooting.Identify and resolve technical issues. Be willing to investigate, learn, and ask questions and provide on-site support to end-users on a variety of issues.Managing and troubleshooting Windows OS / Server environmentsRequired Skills & ExperienceSome college-level training with specialized course work in computer science, personal computer operations or related subject; and A+ and one other technical certification2-3+ years of work experience involving computer hardware/software at a technical level.Working knowledge Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Exchange, Azure AD and SSOCustomer service skills and trouble-shooting skills.Experience with all equipment attached to the desktop, printer and some experience with switches and routers.You will Receive the Following BenefitsMedical, Dental & Orthodontia, and Vision Insurance - Four medical plans to choose from for you and your familyHealth Savings Account (HSA)Health and Dependent Care Flexible Spending AccountsVoluntary Life Insurance, Long-Term & Short-Term Disability Insurance401(k) including match with pre and post-tax optionsPaid Sick Time LeavePre-tax Commuter BenefitMotion Recruitment Partners is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability/vets. All applicants must be currently authorized to work on a full-time basis in the country for which they are applying, and no sponsorship is currently available. Employment is subject to the successful completion of a pre-employment screening. Accommodation will be provided in all parts of the hiring process as required under Motion Recruitment Employment Accommodation policy. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance.Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Contract
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting and Biotechnology Research
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Motion Recruitment by 2x

              See who you know
            







            Featured Benefits
          

            Inferred from the description for this job
          






        Medical insurance
      






        Dental insurance
      






        Vision insurance
      






        401(k)
      






        Commuter benefits