Junior SQL Analyst







                Proof
              


              Denver, CO
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Proof has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












About PROOFLaunched in 2017, PROOF has set out to change the service of process industry and created the first software of its kind to directly connect law firms with a national network of process server professionals. Our platform is trusted and used by over 1,700 law firms and government agencies throughout the US.What You'll Be Doing…We are on the hunt for a diligent, analytical, and curious Junior SQL Analyst who possesses a keen eye for detail and a passion for data-driven problem-solving. As an integral part of our data team, your primary role will be to ensure that our business intelligence reports are continuously efficient and accurate, driving impactful business decisions.You will be the backbone of our data infrastructure, helping to manage, analyze, and interpret the vast amounts of data that our company accumulates. We envision you not just as a data handler, but as a storyteller, weaving narratives from numbers and helping us understand the patterns and trends that can shape our future strategies.Being the touchpoint for data-related queries, you'll serve as a crucial link between raw data and actionable business insights. While technical prowess is essential, we are also seeking someone who understands the business implications of their analyses and can communicate their findings to both technical and non-technical audiences.Role and Responsibilities:Writing and optimizing SQL queries for data extraction. Creating and maintaining business and operational reports. Conducting data analysis to provide actionable insights. Assisting in maintaining our databases, ensuring they are updated, accurate, and running efficiently. Qualifications:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field, or equivalent experience. Proficiency in SQL and a robust understanding of relational databases. Some experience with reporting tools such as Tableau or similar would be beneficial. Role & Benefit DetailsFull-time, salary position. Medical, dental, vision, and 401k availableFully Remote US-BasedFlexible Paid Time Off and HolidaysEquipment providedCompensation$50,000 - $65,000 full-timeThis position is 100% remote, and we will consider all qualified US-based candidates regardless of location, given they can be available during PROOF's standard business hours (MST time zone).E-VerifyThis company participates in E-Verify, for more information view the Participation and Right to Work Posters.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Proof by 2x

              See who you know