IT Support Specialist







                Rapid Response Monitoring
              


              Syracuse, NY
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      5 days ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Rapid Response Monitoring has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save IT Support Specialist at Rapid Response Monitoring.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












LocationThis position is 100% in-office and reports to our facility on-site in Syracuse, NYRole SummaryRapid Response Monitoring is seeking a service-oriented IT Support Specialist to serve as part of 24x7 team maintaining 99.999% network and system uptime. Rapid Response Monitoring is a company driven by our tireless desire to protect lives and property by creating and leveraging the most cutting-edge technology possible. Supported by teams of experts in their respective fields, we provide best in class monitoring services for some of the biggest names in electronic and digital security, aging in place, and fire protection services.As an IT Support Specialist, you will provide technical assistance to the team members of Rapid Response with their hardware and software support requests. We are looking for an individual who can use their analytical and problem-solving skills while providing exceptional internal and external customer service.Salary Range$65,000 - $85,000 based upon experience.ResponsibilitiesFunction as the first-level contact for all Information Technology Help Desk issues received via Rapid Response’s Ticket System Troubleshoot IT-related issues using best practices, internal tools, standard troubleshooting techniques, and external resources Log all support requests in the ticket system and document all actions to include all follow up conversations, troubleshooting steps, and resolution Upon escalation, work with Tier 2 support to learn further troubleshooting and resolution techniques Recommend modifications to IT Support procedures to enhance the service provided by the department Remain highly organized and detail oriented Maintain a sense of urgency when completing tasks Basic QualificationsMinimum (2) year IT, Computer Science, Information Science, or related degree or equivalent Military Service Ability to work in multiple systems concurrently while providing support services Proficient computer skills (i.e., Word, Excel, Ticket Systems, Web Applications) Many of our positions require an extra level of screening to obtain Department of Defense security clearance Rapid Response prides itself in being a drug-free workplace Preferred QualificationsExperience in the alarm industry including panel setup, configuration, and signal management Bachelor’s Degree in IT, Computer Science, Information Science, or related field of study COVID-19 RequirementsMust be fully vaccinated: 2 doses of Pfizer/Moderna or 1 dose of Johnson & Johnson, 2 weeks prior or more What Awaits You At Rapid ResponseAnnual salary increases and performance bonuses Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401k Paid vacation and sick time Wellness program and wellness days off Internal advancement opportunities The opportunity to make an impact on communities across the country every day About Rapid ResponseRapid Response Monitoring is a national leader in the monitoring of alarms and security systems. Designated as an Essential Business by the Department of Homeland Security, we are dedicated to protecting life and property. Founded and headquartered in Syracuse since 1992, with offices in California and Nevada. Our growing organization serves as a critical response center focused on protecting life, residences, and businesses. Whether it’s a kitchen fire, an intruder at a business, a family member experiencing a medical emergency, or preventative non-emergency customer service conversations, our heroes are here to serve every day - 24/7, 365 days a year. Supported by teams of experts in their respective fields, our highly trained specialists are the monitoring backbone for thousands of alarm companies across the country. If you are in search of a unique, rewarding career opportunity in an industry like no other, join #TeamRapid!Located in Franklin Square, Rapid Response prides itself as a newly remodeled state-of-the-art facility containing ultra-modern technology. From touch-free entrances and continual sanitization to iPad break rooms and comfortable lounge areas, our employees enjoy a pristine and contemporary work environment.Additional InformationRapid Response offers a competitive compensation and benefits package and dynamic and professional work environments. We also offer continued growth through our internal advancement opportunities. For more information, view our website at https://www.rrms.com/careers/. Rapid Response is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Temporary
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Security and Investigations
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Rapid Response Monitoring by 2x

              See who you know