LA Galaxy, Soccer Analyst







                LA Galaxy
              


              Carson, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      

          82 applicants
        








            See who LA Galaxy has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the LA Galaxy, Soccer Analyst role at LA Galaxy











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save LA Galaxy, Soccer Analyst at LA Galaxy.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        For more than 20 years, AEG has played a pivotal role in transforming sports and live entertainment. Annually, we host more than 160 million guests, promote more than 10,000 shows and present more than 22,000 events around the world. We are committed to innovation, artistry, and community, and leverage the power of our 300+ venues, leading sports franchises, marquee music brands, integrated entertainment districts, premier ticketing platform and global sponsorship activations, to create memorable moments that give the world reason to cheer.Our business is interwoven with the human mind and heart, and we strive to build a diverse and inclusive company that reflects the artists, athletes, and fans that we host; reach beyond traditional boundaries to support the communities in which we operate; and minimize our impact on the environment by adopting sustainable practices throughout our business operations.If you want to be challenged to up your game and make a difference, then join us in giving the world reason to cheer!Position SummaryThe Soccer Analyst is part of our Soccer Operations team and responsible for the analysis and incorporation of quantitative data to assist in player evaluation and recruitment for the Galaxy. Additionally, this role will assist with opposition scouting for Galaxy opponents, and perform special research projects. As the use of quantitative analysis continues to grow in the global soccer space, the ability to incorporate emergent philosophies, metrics, and technology in global soccer will be paramount. This individual will report directly to the SVP, Player Personnel and will collaborate closely with the first team coaching and technical staff to further performance on and off the field.Essential FunctionsProvide quarterly quantitative data-driven reports of high performing players in international leagues. Share these findings with the Sporting Director, Technical Director and SVP of Player Personnel to inform scouting decisions and recruitment strategy. Work with the Head Coach, Sporting Director, VP of Player Personnel and Director of Scouting to develop and maintain the quantitative LA Galaxy game model and extrapolate objective measures to form player profiles that will drive recruitment strategy.Adopt and enhance the club's current data collection and storage protocols serving as the club's overall data guardian ensuring best practices are observed club wide.Provide reports and visualizations to technical staff to effectively communicate insights uncovered by the use of data. Integrate an overall data strategy into technical staff workflows that compliments and strengthens existing processes.Assist coaching staff in preparing opposition scouting reports using quantitative insights to help the team develop game strategy and tactics.Work with High Performance department to incorporate physical data into the quantitative model using existing LA Galaxy data collection methods and systems.Manage the data budget by forming relationships and negotiating procurement of third-party data providers. Ensure we have access to the most accurate data sources by researching the latest developments and platforms on the market.QualificationsA minimum education level: BA/BS Degree (4-year) ( Advanced Degree Preferred) In Math, Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Data Analytics, or a related field. A minimum of 2-4 years of related work experienceA minimum 2-4 years managing soccer analytics at a professional clubExperience working with and analyzing data sets. Strong preference for experience working in analytics at a professional club.Ability to communicate and present the underlying process and results of research and analysis clearly to advocate data-driven decision-making to club executives, coaches and technical staff.Strong analytical, communication, project management, organization and prioritization skills.Proven track record of success in cross-functional work environments.Familiarity with data analysis tools such as Statsbomb IQ and Impect.Preference for familiarity with probabilistic modelling and machine learning.Experience with database management languages and systems (e.g., SQL and Azure).Experience with either Python or R.High proficiency with data visualization tools (e.g., Shiny, Tableau, Power BI)Ability to handle highly sensitive and confidential information.Video editing experience a plus, but not required.Pay Scale: $67,376- $98,257AEG reserves the right to change or modify the employee’s job description whether orally or in writing, at any time during the employment relationship. AEG may require an employee to perform duties outside his/her normal description.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Business Development and Sales
          



            Industries
          

          Advertising Services, Musicians, and Entertainment Providers
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at LA Galaxy by 2x

              See who you know