Software Engineer (Recent Graduate) - Q1 2024 start dates







                Starfish Space
              


              Seattle, WA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who Starfish Space has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Engineer (Recent Graduate) - Q1 2024 start dates role at Starfish Space











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Engineer (Recent Graduate) - Q1 2024 start dates at Starfish Space.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Please apply using this link, NOT on Wellfound: https://airtable.com/shrMK68DCp52e2u7BWe are NOT hiring web developers at this timePosition DescriptionSatellite servicing missions require spacecraft capable of autonomous, robotic operations in orbit. To fulfill our mission, Starfish is developing the Otter servicing vehicle with various core software technologies to conduct relative navigation and to execute autonomous guidance and control. These software products are developed and tested in simulation environments, and must execute on top of complex vehicle software stacks. This position will build software infrastructure to support the development of autonomous space systems and write flight software to ensure algorithms run properly on board satellites. This role will involve everything ranging from building cloud infrastructure, to automating simulation analysis, to integrating with satellite compute hardware.QualificationsExceptional record of excellence in computer science topics, e.g., excellent grades, papers published, or several years of work experiece / internships in a competitive SWE roleWorking knowledge of Python and C++Must be a US person due to ITAR restrictions (citizen, permanent resident, or designated asylee / refugee) Willing to work from Tukwila, Washington Capable of working a dynamic, fast paced startup environmentB.S. degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Aerospace Engineering or similar fieldDesired ExperienceWorking knowledge of cloud compute platforms and tools such as Kubernetes and DockerWorking knowledge of writing software for a variety of different compute hardware and architecturesPrevious experience with numerical simulationsITAR RequirementsTo conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.Please apply using this link, NOT on Wellfound: https://airtable.com/shrMK68DCp52e2u7B


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Aviation and Aerospace Component Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Starfish Space by 2x

              See who you know