Information Technology Manager







                Simpluris, Inc.
              


              Orlando, FL
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      6 days ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who Simpluris, Inc. has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Information Technology Manager at Simpluris, Inc..
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Simpluris seeks to hire an experienced and dynamic Information Technology (IT) Manager to lead and drive the strategic and tactical planning, implementation, and management of all IT systems and initiatives within our organization. The ideal candidate will possess a strong background in information technology, excellent leadership skills, and a proven track record of successfully managing complex IT projects. Our company is currently growing in multiple strategic areas and we are looking for a leader who can grow with us by adapting to and executing on the various business needs along the way. As the IT Manager, you will play a pivotal role in ensuring the stability, security, and efficiency of our technological infrastructure.This position can be fully remote, but we do offer physical offices in Orlando, Florida, and Costa Mesa, California if you prefer to work in an office environment, but is NOT required.RequirementsResponsibilities:Lead our IT department by overseeing daily operations, managing projects, and providing technical guidance to our teamCollaborate with our leadership team to develop and execute IT strategy that aligns with our business goals and supports our growth trajectoryEnsure the reliability, performance, and security of all IT systems, networks, servers, hardware, and software applicationsImplement and maintain robust security measures to protect our sensitive data and maintain compliance with industry standardsProvide prompt and effective technical support to our employees, helping them troubleshoot and resolve IT issuesManage relationships with external technology vendors, ensuring the effective delivery of services and solutionsWork within budget constraints to make strategic IT investments that enhance our efficiency and competitivenessEnsure accurate and up-to-date documentation of IT systems, policies, and procedures across technology & security domains for compliance, reference, and training purposesDevelop and maintain comprehensive disaster recovery and business continuity plans to minimize downtime and data loss in the event of a system failure or cybersecurity incidentStay up-to-date with the latest technology trends, innovations, and best practices, and make informed recommendations to enhance the organization's IT capabilitiesRequired Experience & Skills:Minimum 5 years of experience in IT roles, with at least 3 years in a leadership or managerial capacityProficiency in managing IT infrastructure, networks, cybersecurity, and user supportEffective problem-solving and decision-making abilities, with a keen attention to detail addressing IT challengesSolid understanding of IT fundamentals including networking, security, virtualization, storage, compute, backup, and cloud infrastructure (Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure)Demonstrated knowledge with Microsoft environments (Office 365, Azure AD, SQL, etc.) including in-depth security experience (Conditional Access Rules, Intune, MDM, Sentinel, etc.)Familiarity with technologies such as Sophos, Fortinet (firewall, SIEM), Mimecast, Zendesk, Atlassian Confluence/Jira, AWS serverless technologies (Lambdas, DynamoDB, etc.), and Salesforce a plusExcellent leadership, team management, and interpersonal skillsExceptional communication skills, both written and verbalAbility to adapt to a fast-paced, evolving environment and manage multiple prioritiesBachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related fieldBenefitsIf you're passionate about working with great people and being challenged daily, we'd love to have you join our growing team of purpose-driven people! This is a full-time, permanent position and compensation is commensurate with experience. We offer benefits such as generous PTO, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and 401k (with company match). Please submit salary requirements along with a resume.Who We Are...From class action settlement to corporate remediation, Simpluris delivers comprehensive legal administration services. Over the past 16 years, we’ve built a first-rate reputation for managing cases from discovery through distribution. Our customer service-focused approach and our technology-driven case management platform set us apart from our competitors. Our core values and our commitment to excellence drive our Mission to provide premium settlement administration services. We are a purpose-driven company made up of an expanding team of purpose-driven people. We’re led by a team of experienced professionals who are laser-focused on growing this business and envision bringing our firm to the next level by implementing new processes, procedures, and technology that will continue to allow us to be the best in our industry.Find out more about Simpluris, our company, our people, and our culture here:https://www.simpluris.comhttps://www.linkedin.com/company/simpluris-inc
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Simpluris, Inc. by 2x

              See who you know