Software Engineer, Junior







                Leidos
              


              Columbia, MD
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      

          69 applicants
        








            See who Leidos has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Engineer, Junior role at Leidos











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Engineer, Junior at Leidos.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












DescriptionLooking for an opportunity to make an impact?At Leidos, we deliver innovative solutions through the efforts of our diverse and talented people who are dedicated to our customers’ success. We empower our teams, contribute to our communities, and operate sustainably. Everything we do is built on a commitment to do the right thing for our customers, our people, and our community. Our Mission, Vision, and Values guide the way we do business.If this sounds like the kind of environment where you can thrive, keep reading!Leidos Intelligence Group uses a wide range of capabilities in Digital Modernization, Mission Software Systems, and enabling technologies like Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to support our customers’ mission to defend against evolving threats around the world. Our team’s focus is ensuring our intelligence customers have the right tools, technologies, and tactics to keep pace with an ever-evolving security landscape and succeed in their pursuit to protect people and critical assets.Your greatest work is ahead!Leidos is hiring for a Junior Software Engineer in Columbia, MD. You will serve on a mission-critical project that will leverage your skills to ensure delivery of a premier Security Operations Center (SOC) prototype solution to the customer. This position is contingent upon contract award.What You’ll Be DoingParticipate in the full software development lifecycle, working within broadly defined parameters. Contribute to the delivery of an entire piece of a system or application, being accountable for completing backlog tasks within schedule. Participate in Agile planning and estimation activities to break down large tasks into smaller tasks. Participate in Agile scrum meetings and work within SecDevOps best practices.  Build software solutions where the solution is not always well defined but always considers the customer first.What does Leidos need from me?Active Top Secret security clearance required.Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related field and 2-4 years of software engineering experience. Additional years of experience may be considered in lieu of a degree. Hands-on experience programming in Java, Python, C#, or other object oriented languages. Knowledge and experience in one or more of the following: Machine Learning, Cybersecurity, Networking. Experience with using Git as a version control system. Experience with an issue/problem tracking system (e.g., Jira). Proficiency with at least one Database Management System (SQL or NoSQL databases such as Oracle or MongoDB). Working knowledge of Agile development. Strong, self-motivated desire to learn new programming languages, tools, frameworks, and techniques Ability to thrive in a dynamic environment.Favorable If You HaveExperience developing and delivering modern software, including microservices, containers, and hybrid cloud architectures. Experience across entire software lifecycle from early requirements gathering to rapid prototyping through delivery and sustainment of a system or complex application. Experience with containerization and orchestration using Docker and/or Kubernetes. Experience using cloud environments (AWS or Azure).Pay RangePay Range $63,050.00 - $113,975.00The Leidos pay range for this job level is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. Additional factors considered in extending an offer include (but are not limited to) responsibilities of the job, education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity, alignment with market data, applicable bargaining agreement (if any), or other law.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Leidos by 2x

              See who you know