Cybersecurity System Engineer (Intern)







                Lockheed Martin
              


              Moorestown, NJ
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      

          61 applicants
        








            See who Lockheed Martin has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Cybersecurity System Engineer (Intern) role at Lockheed Martin











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Cybersecurity System Engineer (Intern) at Lockheed Martin.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS), we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach - and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future!We are seeking a talented summer intern hire who is currently pursuing a degree at an accredited college or university and will be given work related to that degree area. Acceptable degree programs will include only information technology related programs such as Computer Science, Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering and Information, Sciences and Technology. Basic skill requirements will include knowledge, experience, and a desire to learn systems engineering (requirements, interface development, risk and opportunity management), and cybersecurity testing. Candidate must be able to work within a team environment under supervision from senior engineersWhat You'll DoPerform various cybersecurity systems engineering tasks.Generation of requirements, models procedures, reports and artifacts.Perform verification testing and vulnerability analysis.Support lab testing events and integration efforts.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Internship
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Defense and Space Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Lockheed Martin by 2x

              See who you know