Data Analyst







                Counterpart
              


              United States
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who Counterpart has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Data Analyst role at Counterpart











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Data Analyst at Counterpart.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Counterpart is a modern management & professional liability insurance platform for the 21st century workplace. We offer products and services to help companies align the risks and incentives of creating great organizations. Our platform is designed to measure risk more efficiently using the most advanced rating system in the industry, while also proactively mitigating the risks of our insureds. Ultimately, we provide businesses with the framework to be the best versions of themselves. That's where you come in.As a Data Analyst, you will balance being a prolific individual contributor to our business intelligence, reporting and analysis, while steering the development of our products and services through the creation, maintenance, and application of data. You will help bridge the gap between Engineering, Data, & Business with insights while supporting the development of our data services.AS A DATA ANALYST YOU WILL: Find insights into performance across the entire organization and own data visualizations. Develop complex analyses and reporting related to our underwriting, operations, business development, product performance, and user experience. Assist the data science, operations, and insurance teams with ad hoc analysis, data normalization, data cleansing and process improvement. Support the integration and production of new data sources in a manner that minimizes development cycles while maximizing potential business applications. Continuously challenge how we can improve our underwriting while reducing the number of questions that need to be answered in an application. Maintain a clean production environment such that the data models can be easily interpreted and built upon by other data science and engineering team members. Present your work, findings, and opinions to both technical and non-technical stakeholders. WE LOOK FOR TEAMMATES WHO HAVE: Bachelor/Master in quantitative discipline (computer science, actuarial science, mathematics, statistics, economics, physics, engineering or related field). Best in class skills with Business Intelligence tools (i.e. Looker/Tableau/PowerBI)Ability to balance competing priorities and focus on key initiatives, by estimating timelines and keeping team/documentation updated with status of projectsExperience and excitement using modern cloud computing and cloud databases/tools (i.e. AWS, Snowflake, DBT, Airflow)A passion for solving challenging mathematical problems and an interest in exploring new machine learning tools and technologies. 2+ years experience with Python. Communications skills for translating technical or statistical analysis results into business recommendations. Bias to practical action and creativity using data (we value past or present projects that support this). Interest/experience in behavioral economics and "nudging"Bonus points for past experience in an insurance industry and/or experience with data scientist techniques (e.g. Factor Analysis, Cluster Analysis, CART, MARS, Neural Networks). WHO YOU WILL WORK WITH: Tanner Hackett, CEO & Founder: Having founded two other major startups, including Button and Lazada, Tanner now spends his time focused on mental health through his philanthropy, Openminded.org, in addition to reading, surfing, yoga, and enjoying the outdoors. Chris Shafer, Special Projects: Chris is a published scientific author, having studied the neural correlates of gratitude at the lauded Brain and Creativity Institute. He has since helped to launch numerous businesses in which he held a variety of critical roles from product management to business operations to strategic partnerships. Chris received his bachelor's degree in Biological Sciences from the University of Southern California. Tobias Schuler, Head of Data & Analytics Advisor: Tobias was previously the Head of Data and Analytics at Digital Partners, a Munich Re company. Tobias led a team that built out data integrations, business intelligence and advanced analytics across all insurtech partners spanning various P&C lines of businesses. Tobias is also a FCAS and has built systems to enable leading class insights for underwriting, actuarial, claims and finance experts while focusing on democratizing data. He enjoys traveling internationally and spending time with his 2 young daughters. Elizabeth Barsalou, Data Scientist: Before joining Counterpart, Elizabeth worked as a full stack data scientist in small business lending for Kabbage and BHG. She specialized in building data science models, infrastructure and strategies to extend credit to small businesses. She lives in San Francisco and spends her free time singing opera and playing with her dogs. Stanley Wang, Director, Pricing Analytics: Before joining Counterpart, Stanley worked as an actuary within the pricing solutions and methods team at USAA to combine actuarial pricing with data science models. Before that, he was a leading data scientist for Digital Partners, a Munich Re Company where he specialized in building data science models and insights for leading insurtech companies. He has had many other relevant roles such as capital modeling, risk management etc. He lives in New York with his growing family. What We OfferUnlimited Vacation: We offer flexible time off, allowing you to take time when you need it. Work from Anywhere: Counterpart is a fully distributed company, meaning there is no office. We allow employees to work from wherever they do their best work, and invite the team to meet in person a couple times per year. Stock Options Health, Dental, and Vision Coverage401(k) Retirement PlanParental LeaveHome Office Allowance: to set up your home office with the necessary equipment and accessories. Book stipendProfessional Development ReimbursementNo working birthdays: Take your birthday off, giving you the opportunity to relax, enjoy your special day, and spend time with loved ones. Charitable Contribution MatchingCOUNTERPART'S VALUESConjoin Expectations - it is the cornerstone of autonomy. Ensure you are aware of what is expected of you and clearly articulate what you expect of others. Speak Boldly & Honestly - the only failure is not learning from mistakes. Don't cheat yourself and your colleagues of the feedback needed when expectations aren't being met. Be Entrepreneurial - control your own destiny. Embrace action over perfection while navigating any obstacles that stand in the way of your ultimate goal. Practice Omotenashi ("selfless hospitality") - trust will follow. Consider every interaction with internal and external partners an opportunity to develop trust by going above and beyond what is expected. Hold Nothing As Sacred - create routines but modify them routinely. Take the time to reflect on where the business is today, where it needs to go, and what you have to change in order to get there. Prioritize Wellness - some things should never be sacrificed. We create an environment that stretches everyone to grow and improve, which is fulfilling, but is only one part of a meaningful life. We are committed to being a welcoming and inclusive workplace for everyone, and we are intentional about making sure people feel respected, supported and connected at work—regardless of who you are or where you come from. We value and celebrate our differences and we believe being open about who we are allows us to do the best work of our lives.We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate against qualified applicants or employees on the basis of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual preference, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law, rule, or regulation.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Counterpart by 2x

              See who you know