Application Developer - ONSITE in Rogers, AR







                Apprentice Information Systems, Inc
              


              Rogers, AR
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      5 days ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Apprentice Information Systems, Inc has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Application Developer - ONSITE in Rogers, AR at Apprentice Information Systems, Inc.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Job DescriptionThis position requires consistent onsite presence, at our home office in Rogers, AR.About UsWith over thirty years of experience in the Information Technology industry, Apprentice Information Systems understands the need for technology solutions in local government. With about 50 employees, AIS is a growing IT firm providing services and highly developed software and hardware solutions to local government, in both Arkansas and Oklahoma counties and municipalities. AIS headquarters is located in Rogers, AR with satellite offices located in North Little Rock, AR and Tulsa, OK. We have a casual, ‘let’s make-it-happen' culture all while having fun, being supportive to one another and making a real impact in our communities. We take pride in work that glorifies God, honoring our families and delights our clients. AIS will be adding several new positions this year and we hope that you will consider becominga part of our dynamic yet expanding team! (There is always free coffee and the occasional free breakfast and lunch as well as team building activities)SummaryWe are seeking another talented, Application Developer to our team! You will be working as part of a team of skilled professionals who have created best-in-class products. We have over 15 great applications on the market today, and you will have the opportunity to apply and develop your skills in designing applications, writing code, testing, and implementing new software. We are looking for people that want a great career, not just a job. For those looking to build their career in software programming, this position offers great professional development and a bright future.BenefitsAIS offers a competitive benefits package to our full-time employees, including 100% fully paid medical plan. These benefits also include; medical, supplemental, dental, vision, retirement and more. We offer 8 paid holidays, 2 personal days, 5 sick days and a great vacation plan where you may qualify for 25 PTO days after your first year with AIS.Key FocusCreate great software applications that run efficiently, produce outstanding business results, and improve the way government offices operate.Principal Duties And Responsibilities Update our existing software product portfolio to meet the ever-changing needs of our local governments.  Correct, adapt, and supplement existing software functionality, troubleshoot issues and problems, and provide ongoing maintenance and upkeep of code.  Help rewrite our legacy product portfolio from Delphi to a modern .NET platform.  Learn our client’s business and write software specifications to meet those needs.  Develop new software products. Education Bachelor’s Degree in programming, information science or related field. Alternatively, applicants with extensive industry experience will be considered.  Ability to work flexible hours, weekends and evenings as needed.  Limited travel may be necessary. Required Professional Skills Strong team player.  Strong attention to detail.  Strong problem solving/troubleshooting skills.  Basic communication skills.  Demonstrate initiative, able to work independently with minimal direction.  Strong client focusRequired Technical Skills Mastery of C# and Visual Studio.  High proficiency or Mastery in SQL Server and related database technologies (SQL, T-SQL, database design, ORM tools).  High level of capability in programming logic, basic mathematics, analysis, deductive/inductive reasoning.  Proficient in .Net user interface development (WinForms, WPF)Other Desired Technical Skills Experience with Team Foundation Server/Microsoft Team Services/GIT Experience with modern web development technologies (HTML, JS, CSS, Web API) Experience with Entity Framework.  Experience with Scrum and Agile Development Methodology.  Experience with Developer Express componentsOther Must have valid and up to date driver’s license.  Full time salary position, ranging from $60,000 - $80,000 depending on education and/or experience. Company DescriptionAbout UsWith over thirty years of experience in the Information Technology industry, Apprentice Information Systems understands the need for technology solutions in local government. With about 50 employees, AIS is a growing IT company providing services and highly developed software and hardware solutions to local government, in both Arkansas and Oklahoma counties and municipalities. AIS headquarters is located in Rogers, AR with satellite offices located in North Little Rock, AR and Tulsa, OK. We have a casual, ‘let’s make-it-happen' culture all while having fun, being supportive to one another and making a real impact in our communities. We take pride in work that glorifies God, honoring our families and delights our clients. AIS will be adding several new positions this year and we hope that you will consider becoming a part of our dynamic yet expanding team! (There is always free coffee and the occasional free breakfast and lunch as well as team building activities)About Us With over thirty years of experience in the Information Technology industry, Apprentice Information Systems understands the need for technology solutions in local government. With about 50 employees, AIS is a growing IT company providing services and highly developed software and hardware solutions to local government, in both Arkansas and Oklahoma counties and municipalities. AIS headquarters is located in Rogers, AR with satellite offices located in North Little Rock, AR and Tulsa, OK. We have a casual, ‘let’s make-it-happen' culture all while having fun, being supportive to one another and making a real impact in our communities. We take pride in work that glorifies God, honoring our families and delights our clients. AIS will be adding several new positions this year and we hope that you will consider becoming a part of our dynamic yet expanding team! (There is always free coffee and the occasional free breakfast and lunch as well as team building activities)
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Apprentice Information Systems, Inc by 2x

              See who you know