Full Stack Software Developer







                EMPEQ
              


              Ithaca, NY
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      

          76 applicants
        








            See who EMPEQ has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Full Stack Software Developer role at EMPEQ











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Full Stack Software Developer at EMPEQ.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Company DescriptionThere are over 80,000 unfilled HVAC technician jobs in the U.S. due to the lack of labor supply – and that’s just one of dozens of field worker professions suffering through a severe labor shortage. EMPEQ’s revolutionary Fast Site SurveyTM SaaS product lowers the barrier to entry to field work in buildings by utilizing computer vision to identify parts and equipment and provide actionable Instant Equipment Insights to engineers, contractors, and building owners.An exciting, growing AI/cleantech that boasts Johnson Controls, Siemens, and the United State Air Force as customers, EMPEQ offers employees flexible full-time work hours – while also making a demonstrable impact reducing greenhouse gas emissions, creating good paying jobs for lesser-skilled workers, and providing greater National Security in a liberating, entrepreneurial culture.Job SummaryEMPEQ is seeking an experienced, results-driven Full Stack Developer to join our growing team of industry experts. You will be responsible for driving building and maintaining the web application of Fast Site Survey. You will report to EMPEQ’s CTO.Duties/Responsibilities Builds, designs, and maintains web-based software applications and websites. Work with development teams and product managers to ideate software solutions. Contribute to client-side and server-side architecture. Build backend and frontend of applications following design specs. Develop and manage well-functioning databases and applications. Write effective APIs. Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency. Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software. Create security and data protection settings. Build features and applications with a mobile responsive design. Write technical documentation. Evaluate written code to ensure it meets industry standards and is compatible with all devices. Maintain a professional understanding of web development by tracking trends and participating in study groups.Required Skills/Abilities Familiarity with common stacks – our primary web stack is MySQL, Java Spring Boot, React, with a series of AWS Lambda functions (Python and JavaScript) Excellent working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, JavaScript Knowledge of multiple backend languages (e.g. Java, Node.js, Python) and frontend JS frameworks (e.g. React, Angular). Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB) and at least intermediate SQL skills Experience with AWS or other cloud provider Ability and desire to do the “grunt work” of software development. Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong desire to “get stuff done”. Strong desire for personal and professional growth. Ability to prioritize tasks. Ability to function well in a high-paced startup environment. Must be a United States Citizen or have a Green Card.Education Bachelor’s degree in computer science, statistics, or equivalent combination of education and experience.Preferred Skills/Experience Proven experience as a Full Stack Developer or similar role Experience with Java Spring Boot Experience with MyBatis Java ORM Experience creating D3JS visualizations Experience with SASS/SCSS Experience with Material UI Experience writing automated tests (e.g. unit tests, Selenium UI tests) Experience with Redux Experience writing AWS Lambda functions using Serverless Experience with AWS CDK Experience with other AWS technologies (SQS, SNS, DynamoDB, CloudFront, IAM, Elastic Beanstalk) Experience working with the U.S. government.Salary And Benefits $125,000-$175,000 Participation in Company Employee Stock Options Plan Health Insurance stipend 401k Discretionary Time OffAdditional NotesIf interested please complete the following 20-40 minute assessment: https://assessment.testgorilla.com/testtaker/publicinvitation/78a2be05-67e8-4207-9484-368d66c94885
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Software Development
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at EMPEQ by 2x

              See who you know