Embedded Software Tester | 38300







                Cerebral Staffing, LLC
              


              Waterloo, IA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      3 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Cerebral Staffing, LLC has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Embedded Software Tester | 38300 at Cerebral Staffing, LLC.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Join Cerebral Staffing, LLC on site at our client John Deere in [] as an Embedded Software Tester!Location: Waterloo, IADuration of Role: 1+ yearsPay: $45.50 - $48.75 / hourlyHours: 1st shift position (7 am to 3:30 pm) with minimal overtime.Visa sponsorship is not available, now or in the near future, for this position.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:As a Tractor Software Test Engineer, you will be accountable for software verification, test planning, and test execution for embedded software on tractors. The focus for the tractor hydraulic subsystem testing is on the transmission control subsystem. You will be integrated with and located in the Waterloo software delivery team which develops tractor hydraulic control software. In addition you will:  Create software verification test plans for the features being delivered and defects being fixed once per software planning session (that is, once every two-month period). Define the appropriate level of regression testing required in each round of testing. Increase test case automation for the existing test suites. Be accountable for software verification and test execution. Be responsible for tracking metrics as defined by the Software Test Supervisor (requirements to test case coverage, test case data, test results, defects found, defects escaped). Assure the availability of test environments (Model in the Loop (MiL), Software in the Loop (SiL), Hardware in the Loop (HiL), Vehicle in the Loop (ViL).) and define which test environments to use based on the test strategy.REQUIRED: Bachelors of Science in Electronics/Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Technology, other relevant discipline and/or equivalent work experience One or more years of experience working in mechatronics; including a solid understanding of electrical and electronics, hydraulics, and mechanical systems. One or more years of control system experience preferably related to propulsion/power generation systems and/or agriculture equipment. One or more years of experience with embedded control systems in either product development or product test. One or more years of experience with electronic test tools and simulation tools to assist in analysis and verification.DESIRED: Experience working with Model Based Software Design (MBSD) and/or system simulation (For example, experience using Matlab or Simulink). Experience working with test case automation tools (For example, experience using ECU-Test). Experience working in an Agile/Scrum software development environment. One or more years of experience with CAN bus and tools used for testing and analysis. Experience operating Agricultural / off-road equipment. ISTQB (International Software Testing Qualifications Board) Certification or equivalent.Additional notes:Business casual dress code, will need metatarsals for first day. Interviews will be conducted via MS Teams. Position will work onsite. No driving required for this assignment.Powered by JazzHRW1KxOXAr9M
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Internet Publishing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Cerebral Staffing, LLC by 2x

              See who you know