Information Technology Specialist 2 (Programming), (Multiple Positions)







                NYS Office of Information Technology Services
              


              New York, United States
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who NYS Office of Information Technology Services has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Minimum QualificationsCandidates must be reachable on the current Civil Service eligible list for this title in order to be list appointed. If you are on the examination eligible list for the position title in this location, you do not need to respond to this posting unless you are also eligible for appointment by one of the qualifications listed below.Information about this examination for this title series can be found at https://www.cs.ny.gov/jobseeker/dashboard-start/lower-level-it-oc.cfmReassignment: Candidates must have one year of permanent competitive or 55b/c service as an Information Technology Specialist 2 (Programming).Section 70.4 Transfer: Candidates must have one year of permanent competitive or 55b/c service in a title allocated SG-16 or higher eligible to transfer under Section 70.4 of the Civil Service Law.55b/c Appointment: This position is eligible for 55b/c designation and candidates with 55 b/c eligibility are encouraged to apply. Candidates must possess the minimum qualifications and a current 55b/c eligibility letter. For 55 b/c consideration, candidates must satisfy at least one of the following:Either 1. a bachelor's or higher-level degree including or supplemented by 15 semester credit hours in computer science;Or 2. a bachelor's or higher-level degree in any field AND one year of experience in information technology;Or 3. 60 semester credit hours including or supplemented by 15 semester credit hours in computer science AND one year of experience in information technology;Or 4. two years of experience in information technology.Duties DescriptionThe NYS Office of Information Technology Services (ITS) is the State’s centralized Information Technology organization responsible for the design, support and management of technology solutions that drive the State’s most important policy initiatives and support the business, operations and critical missions of 50+ state agencies. NYS ITS is a single, enterprise-grade IT organization designed to optimize IT investments across all of state government, advance IT service delivery best practices and enhance government services to its’ citizens.NYS ITS seeks creative, motivated individuals to be part of a connected community of technology professionals. NYS ITS creates opportunities for our employees to build new skills, achieve a higher degree of mastery, and take on bigger challenges. We look for innovative solutions that anticipate our partners’ needs, extending into the foreseeable future. We maintain a working environment that empowers our employees to think and act creatively in the best interest of our organization, client-agencies, the State and its citizens and businesses.This posting will be used to fill multiple positions throughout the NYS Office of Information Technology Services. For a description of each of the available positions, please go to the applicant survey at https://survey.alchemer.com/s3/7603846/Applicant-Interest-Form-IT-Series-November-2023. Click Next, and select the title(s) of interest. Please also see Notes on Applying for additional details. A general duties description is as follows:Incumbents Of These Positions Will Perform Or Assist In Performing Technical Activities Related To Writing Instructions (code), Application Program Development, Program And System Testing, And Business/systems Analysis And Design In Accordance With The Civil Service Classification Standards Which Can Be Reviewed Athttps://www.cs.ny.gov/tsplan/tsp_display2.cfm?speccode=0815210FAdditional CommentsSome positions may require fingerprinting.Some positions may require up to 25% travel and/or lifting up to 50 lbs. Some positions are pending Civil Service approval. Details of position(s) will be described further if you are selected for an interview.Positions located in New York City, will receive an additional $3,203 downstate adjustment location pay with regular annual salary.Benefits of Working for NYS Generous benefits package, worth 65% of salary, including:Holiday & Paid Time Off Thirteen (13) paid holidays annually Up to Thirteen (13) days of paid vacation leave annually Up to Five (5) days of paid personal leave annually Up to Thirteen (13) days of paid sick leave annually for PEF. Up to three (3) days of professional leave annually to participate in professional developmentHealth Care Benefits Eligible employees and dependents can pick from a variety of affordable health insurance programs Family dental and vision benefits at no additional costAdditional Benefits New York State Employees’ Retirement System (ERS) Membership NYS Deferred Compensation Access to NY 529 and NY ABLE College Savings Programs, as well as U.S. Savings Bonds Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) And many more.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Science, Information Technology, and Engineering
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at NYS Office of Information Technology Services by 2x

              See who you know