IT Infrastructure Administrator







                TechConnectOK
              


              Tulsa Metropolitan Area
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who TechConnectOK has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












TechConnect is seeking an Infrastructure Administrator for an industry leading client that is located in Tulsa, OK. We are looking for an individual that has a proven track record investigating problems, diagnosing root causes, determining and implementing resolutions, all while providing best-of-class customer service to the end users they support. As an Infrastructure Administrator you will provide remote and on-site technical support for computer systems, servers and enterprise system applications such as Active Directory and Exchange. You will serve as the escalation point for the infrastructure administration team and promptly respond to assigned service desk work orders within the established guidelines. You will gather and analyze information about the user’s issue(s) and determine the best way to resolve their problem(s). To be successful in this role you must be able to communicate effectively in both written and spoken form. You must be able to work independently as well as with other team members and represent the companies high moral standards at all times. You will need strong customer service skills accompanied with problem solving and troubleshooting abilities when answering questions and working with team members and leadership throughout the organization. You will need to be organized and work with a sense of urgency.  Responsibilities (Cont’d)Gather business assessment and provide troubleshooting such as installation, repair, and upgrade of servers, AD, Exchange, break/fix instructions, work order routing and escalation to level III support (may escalate to an outside vendor as needed).Recognizes the technical needs of customers, articulates the business needs and has an understanding of solution identification.Establish and maintain healthy working relationships with peers, vendors and leadership.Perform other responsibilities as required/assigned. Qualifications3+ years of experience in PC software and hardware support.Associates degree in Computer Science or equivalent job-related experience and knowledge.Knowledge of PC hardware, network printers, and phone systems.Working knowledge of Microsoft desktop operating systems, products and Microsoft to network connection.Ability to maintain confidential information in a discreet manner. Work LocationHybrid work environment – 2 days a week you will work from home, 3 days a week you will be in the Tulsa, Oklahoma office. In the office every Wednesday for staff meetings.  TravelOccasional travel may be required.This position will require working outside of normal business hours occasionally. Benefits· Comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision plans, 401(k), wellness programs, etc.  Position TypeDirect Hire.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Construction and Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at TechConnectOK by 2x

              See who you know