Network Support Technician







                Interco
              


              St Louis, MO
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 days ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Interco has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Network Support Technician at Interco.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Company DescriptionInterco is a global recycling company headquartered in St. Louis with facilities in Missouri and Illinois. The company ships nonferrous and electronics scrap worldwide utilizing established partnerships with end consumers in the United States, Europe, Latin America, and Asia.www.intercojobs.comJob DescriptionInterco has an opening for a Network Support Technician in the IT department. The company is looking for a results-driven team player to work with the IT team to help maintain the hardware and software systems within the organization. The Network Support Technician helps troubleshoot IT and support company employees when they’re having IT-related issues.Responsibilities Include:Resolve help desk tickets and provision workstations and users as needed utilizing IT Management tools Troubleshoot connectivity and help manage user spam issues Diagnose issues w/printers, scanners, and peripherals Administer Active Directory and make changes to cPanel, WordPress, Microsoft O365, etc. Monitor Nagios, CloudFlare, NinjaRMM, software updates, and patch management QualificationsBachelor's degree in a related field, such as computer science or computer information systems Candidates with an associate's degree or certification from a technical or vocational school may be considered At least two years of experience as a network support technician or similar role Availability to perform urgent repairs outside of business hours Additional InformationCompensation:$45,000-$50,000 Annual Salary 100% Company-paid Medical, Dental, Vision Accelerated paid Vacation time Paid vacation Christmas Eve through – New Year’s Day for all employees 401(k) with generous company match after one year 100% Company-paid Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability Company paid $25K life insurance policy Salary plus annual performance review and bonus As a matter of company policy, we do not sponsor employment visas or hire from out of the USA, nor do we sponsor candidates who do not currently reside within the USA without an existing H-1B visa.This job description is designed to provide a general overview of the requirements of the job and does not entail a comprehensive listing of all activities, duties or responsibilities that will be required. Interco reserves the right to modify this job description at any time, including assigning or reassigning job duties or eliminating this position at any time.Candidate information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.Work remotely: Nowww.intercojobs.comCompany InformationInterco has been recycling computers, batteries, metals, and electronics with a focused track record of innovation and integrity since 1996. The company specializes in the placement of smelter-ready materials catering to commercial, industrial, dealer, and government organizations nationwide. The Interco recycling facilities are separated into three departments: nonferrous metals, computers and electronics, and battery processing. The nonferrous facility is located on the 40-acre main campus in Madison (IL) while the computers and electronics are processed in Edwardsville where the Administrative and some logistics offices are located. The commercial department is located on The Hill in St. Louis.The patent-pending 22-acre 225,000 sqft Critical Mineral Recovery™ Lithium-ion battery processing plant in Fredericktown, Missouri is scheduled to open in Q3 2023www.intercojobs.com 
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Renewable Energy Semiconductor Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Interco by 2x

              See who you know