Data Analyst II







                Equitas Health
              


              Columbus, OH
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who Equitas Health has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Data Analyst II at Equitas Health.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Job DescriptionPOSITION SUMMARY:The Data Analyst II (DA II) is primarily responsible for extracting and analyzing relevant data from existing systems, designing reports and delivering thoughtful, clear and concise presentations on the results of analysis to management, board of trustees, and funders to advance or improve quality and clinical outcomes and achieve organizational goals. The DA II implements and optimizes data analytics, reporting and data visualization tools to support the all business operations of Equitas Health. As such, the DA II understands the data landscape at Equitas Health and marries this knowledge with stakeholder and business requirements to provide accurate, insightful, and actionable information, and by doing so, directly supports the holistic patient-centric care model at Equitas Health. The DA II must possess exemplary interpersonal skills and broad knowledge of methods for synthesizing data into information consumable by management and staff, demonstrating proficiency in business processes. This person is also responsible for creating, implementing, and maintaining data to support quality improvement projects and initiatives, quality of care goals, and various Equitas Health programs. The DA II must demonstrate the ability to work independently on complex analytical projects and collaboratively with various managers and executives.ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:At a high level, the DRA transforms data into knowledge. To do this requires organizing and managing large and varied datasets from disparate sources, analyzing these datasets to optimize operations, and communicating findings using data visualization and reporting techniques to stakeholders and organizational leadership.MAJOR AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITIES:Compiling, organizing, and integrating healthcare data from disparate sources, including an EHR (Epic Systems) and other systems containing PHI.  Understanding, configuring, and managing the tools and processes for data extraction and transformation Partnering with internal stakeholders, business partners and vendors to gather requirements, understand technical capabilities, and identify solutions Responsible for the completion of monthly and annual HRSA reports. Write and/or customize Crystal Reports through OCHIN EPIC. Responsible for building dashboards in Tableau and customized reporting in Epic Participate in business analysis activities to gather reporting requirements. Translate requirements into specifications that will be used to implement the required reports and dashboards, created from potentially multiple data sources.  Designs reports and includes tools that help others understand data, such as dashboards, charts, and graphs.  Surveys systems, databases, data repositories, and departmental workflows for data collection and designs solutions to improve efficiency in data gathering and accuracy at the entry point. Identifies practices and/or protocols to ensure validity of data (i.e. relevance, accuracy, usability, etc.).  Assists with data audits in various environments to maximize the value of data reporting systems; provides recommendation(s) for changes or upgrades of data reporting systems as needed.  Studies the data repositories for clinical, operational, financial and performance data, for continuous improvement of reporting and enhanced relevance of data points across multiple systems. Works towards data integration where possible while ensuring data integrity across multiple programs, services, and sites.  Identifies potential or actual discrepancies in data reporting systems, and then works to solve inaccuracies and/or reconcile data.  Maps relationships between databases and reporting systems. Illustrates data relationships across multiple databases, with the ability to understand and explain relationships to users of the information.  Determines priorities and method of completing daily workload to ensure responsibilities are carried out timely.  Develops standardized surveys, matrices, and dashboards that accelerate management access to data reporting.  Meets with key management and staff, practicing good interpersonal skills to clarify, extract and define data needs for decision-making.  Facilitates improved understanding of data systems for laypersons to enhance use of data in everyday work with an aim at increasing quality standards, productivity and efficiency.  Presents data sets in a manner that is user-friendly and facilitates learning/understanding at various levels (i.e. line staff, supervisors, executive and Board of Trustees).  Configures and reports data from various sources; interprets meaning of data and provides accurate analysis; and maintains working knowledge of assigned systems through formal vendor training and self-guided instruction.  Interprets the needs of the user to build ad hoc and custom reports; establishes reporting systems for regular periodic reports.  Assists staff in expressing and defining data requirements; draws “rough” data reports and works with staff to further define data sets to best meet their needs.  Presents data reporting both formally and informally at department or management meetings. Manages questions / answers on data reporting and utilizes feedback to further develop data systems and reporting parameters. Ensure proper configuration management and change controls are implemented for production reports.  Conducts all reporting and data mining in compliance with privacy, confidentiality and proprietary regulations and policies. Provide leadership in the quality department for analysis of population health management and health disparities. Analyses will be shared among agency leadership and healthcare providers to support improvement in the program and service delivery. Conduct data analysis across the Ryan White programs and generate reports to support the improvement of health outcomes across the lifespan for patients.  Adheres to policies regarding data storage and data transmission.  Communicating analytic insights to clinical and operational stakeholders and leaders in an accessible and clear manner Supporting solutions following Production deployment, to include utilizing feedback and experiential information to optimize delivered solutions Demonstrate unconditional positive regard to clients and conduct all aspects of job responsibilities with a focus on exceptional customer service.  Continuously grow and develop cultural competency, exhibiting an understanding, awareness, and respect for diversity.  Contribute to a positive work environment by demonstrating unconditional positive regard to all Equitas Health employees, interns, etc. with an understanding, awareness, and respect for diversity.  All other duties as assigned. EDUCATION/LICENSURE: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree (preferred) in health information technology, public health, statistics, epidemiology, information systems, mathematics, computer science, or a related field. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and other Qualifications: Experience (minimum 2 years) with databases, reporting software, data extraction and data presentation tools required.  1 year (minimum) of clinical data management experience Experience with Microsoft Office suite required and EPIC EMR system or MAS 200, preferred. Strong Query Writing skills preferred in order to generate the queries that will extract the necessary data from the database.  Knowledge of database structures and designProficiency with one or more database programming and scripting languages such as SQL, R , PythonKnowledge of Extract, Transform and Load frameworks, such as Alteryx Experience with one or more Analytics and Business Intelligence platforms, such as Tableau, Crystal Reports, Business Objects, or Power BI Experience in the health care field preferred.  Working knowledge of data security and privacy laws preferred (e.g. HIPAA).  Ability to work a flexible schedule such as evenings and weekends to meet reporting deadlines.  Two years of experience working with data management or analysis desired. Must have sensitivity to, interest in and competence in cultural differences, HIV/AIDS, minority health, sexual practices, chemical dependency and a demonstrated competence in working with persons of color, and gay/lesbian/bisexual/transgender community. OTHER INFORMATION:Background and reference checks will be conducted. In accordance with Equitas Health’s Drug-Free Workplace Policy, pre-employment drug testing will be administered. Hours may vary, including working some evenings and weekends based on workload. Individuals are not considered applicants until they have been asked to visit for an interview and at that time complete an application for employment. Completing the application does not guarantee employment. EOE/AA#ZR
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Hospitals and Health Care
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Equitas Health by 2x

              See who you know