Data Engineer







                Steneral Consulting
              


              Cincinnati, OH
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who Steneral Consulting has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Data Engineer at Steneral Consulting.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Cincinnati Ohio 45227 - onsite - Local candidates only Job DescriptionJob Overview:We are seeking a skilled Data Engineer with a strong background in mortgage banking to join our IT team. The candidate will be instrumental in constructing, testing, and maintaining our mortgage banking data architecture. This includes optimizing data flow and collection to ultimately support data analysis and decision-making processes.Responsibilities Design, construct, install, test, and maintain highly scalable data management systems. Ensure systems meet business requirements and industry practices for mortgage banking. Build high-performance algorithms, prototypes, predictive models, and proof of concepts. Translate complex functional and technical requirements into detailed architecture, design, and high-performing software. Integrate new data management technologies and software engineering tools into existing structures. Create data tools for analytics and line of business that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader. Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems. Maintain a secure and compliant data processing environment in line with industry regulations.Qualifications Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. Proven experience as a Data Engineer, preferably in the mortgage banking industry. Strong knowledge of data warehousing solutions and relational SQL and NoSQL databases, Snowflake, MS SQL Server a plus. Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, RDS, MSK, Lambda. Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages a plus. Solid analytical skills and the ability to understand complex business requirements. Familiarity with data pipeline and workflow management tools: dbt, Apache Kafka, Snowflake data pipeline/streams. Knowledge of financial and mortgage banking principles. Strong organizational and interpersonal skills, with the ability to manage tasks and timelines effectively.Must HaveJAVA 8/11, Jenkins, GitHub, SQL, Embedded Tomcat, Spring boot, Swagger, Micro services kafka mspNice To HaveCobol , LoanServ msp


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Contract
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Software Development
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Steneral Consulting by 2x

              See who you know