Computer Scientist







                CECOM SEC
              


              Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      5 days ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who CECOM SEC has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Computer Scientist role at CECOM SEC











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Computer Scientist at CECOM SEC.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












This is a Direct Hire Authority (DHA) solicitation utilizing the DHA for Certain Personnel of the DoD Workforce to recruit and appoint qualified candidates to positions in the competitive service authorized by Section 1117, NDAA FY21, Public Law 116-283, and 5 USC, Section 9905, to recruit and appoint qualified candidates to positions in the competitive service.Duties:Developing software programs using the following software languages: JAVA, PL/SQL, C++, and Visual Basic. This includes software design, coding, internal testing, deploying, and maintaining software for a National Security System.Assessing the performance of the exist systems against future mission requirements. Identifying and executing software modernization requirements.Works with customers to determine software needs for hardware/software upgrades or the initiation of new system developments.Provides technical knowledge on the application of computer systems engineering methodologies to the design of computer-driven systems.Represents the branch at meetings internal and external to the organization for the purpose of identifying requirements, obtaining funding, explaining technical capabilities, and researching new methods and techniques in computer engineering.Position is a software intensive position.RequirementsConditions of EmploymentAppointment may be subject to a suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation.Male applicants born after December 31, 1959, must complete a Pre-Employment Certification Statement for Selective Service Registration.One year trial/probationary period may be required.You will be required to provide proof of U.S. Citizenship.This is an Army Acquisition, Logistics and Technology Workforce position. Selectees must meet position requirements for Engineering and Technical Management certification within 36 months of entrance on duty.This position requires the incumbent be able to obtain and maintain a determination of eligibility for a Secret security clearance or access for the duration of employment.This position has a Temporary Duty (TDY) or business travel requirement of 25% of the timeTelework eligibleYes - Situational, Non-ReoccurringQualificationsWho May Apply: US CitizensIn order to qualify, you must meet the experience requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application.In addition to meeting the basic requirement below, to qualify for this position you must also meet the qualification requirements listed below: Specialized Experience: One year of specialized experience which includes: (1) software development using JAVA, C++, PL/SQL, and/or Visual Basic for computer systems; 2) Evaluating and implementing software solutions to software/firmware and hardware applications for computer systems; and (3) Assessing the performance of existing software systems to determine future software requirements. This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the next lower grade/level position in the federal service (NH-02).This is a DoD Civilian Acquisition Workforce Personnel Demonstration Project (Acq Demo) position in the NH-03 broadband, subject to the CECOM control point policy. Management will set the pay for this position consistent with the qualifications and education of the selectee and the expected contribution for the position.EducationBasic Requirement for Computer Scientist:Degree: Bachelor's degree (or higher degree) in computer science or bachelor's degree (or higher degree) with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science. At least 15 of the 30 semester hours must have included any combination of statistics and mathematics that included differential and integral calculus. All academic degrees and course work must be from accredited or pre-accredited institutions. (You must submit a copy of your transcripts.)


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering, Information Technology, and Design
          



            Industries
          

          Software Development, Computer and Network Security, and Armed Forces
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at CECOM SEC by 2x

              See who you know