Jr. System Engineer







                Woongjin, INC. 
              


              Kokomo, IN
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Woongjin, INC.  has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Company DescriptionFor More Open Positions Visit us at:http://recruiting.woongjininc.com/Our MissionWOONGJIN, Inc. is a rapidly growing team who provides a range of unique, exceptional, and enhanced services to our clients. We have a strong moral code that includes the service of goodness without expectations of reward. We are motivated by the sense of responsibility and servant leadership.Job DescriptionThis role is responsible for effective installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and related infrastructure. The system administration tasking will be focused on improving the stability and performance of the system, maintaining and improving the security posture of the systems, continuous monitoring of system health, and troubleshooting issues that arise.As a Junior Systems Engineer you will be accountable for Linux, Windows, and application systems that support infrastructure, data center and networks.At the Indiana factory, engineers will be working with the cutting-edge technology to produce EV battery cells and modules. This role offers an opportunity to work with a top-notch team of dedicated engineers who are passionate about enterprise infrastructure and enjoy solving complex challenges.Responsibilities: Engineering of systems administration-related solutions for various project and operational needs.  Install new/rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements.  Install and configure systems which support MES infrastructure.  Develop and maintain installation and configuration procedures.  Configure/maintain storage equipment and troubleshoot with vendors.  Contribute to and maintain system standards.  Contribute to and maintain security posture of the systems Research and recommend innovative, and where possible, automated approaches for system administration tasks. Identify approaches that leverage resources.  Operations and Support Install and maintain security patches on the operational and development system, which includes but is not limited to, Red Hat Linux (Centos, Ubuntu…etc.), Windows 2008/2k8R2/2k12, VMWare, and Apache web services.  Report Security Patch compliance.  Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups.  Perform daily backup operations, ensuring all required file systems and system data are successfully backed up to the appropriate media, recovery tapes or disks are created, and media is recycled and sent off site as necessary.  Perform regular file archival and purge as necessary.  Create, change, and delete user accounts per request as necessary.  Provide Tier III/other support per request from various constituencies. Investigate and troubleshoot issues.  Repair and recover from hardware or software failures. Coordinate and communicate with impacted constituencies.  Maintenance Apply OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis, and upgrade administrative tools and utilities. Configure/add new services as necessary.  Manage existing and/or deploy new instances of Jirra, Git, LDAP, Jenkins, VMWare environments.  Upgrade and configure system software that supports infrastructure applications or Asset Management applications per project or operational needs.  Maintain operational, configuration, or other procedures.  Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required. Qualifications3+ years of system administration experience in Linux environments and proficient in tasks such as shell scripting, creating cron jobs, analyzing log files, managing user accounts and groups, configuring iptables, and setting up mail services.  Proven ability to multi-task.  Independent, self-starter.  Ability to effectively communicate (verbal and written correspondence) in a professional and courteous manner with technical and non-technical personnel.  Able to lift 50 lbs.  Able to move servers to and from main DC to the colocation and labs Install new hardware or migrate existing servers (rack and stack) Bachelor’s degree, with a technical major, such as Engineering or Computer Science, preferred. Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.***NO C2C ***
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Associate
          



          Employment type
        

          Contract
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Staffing and Recruiting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Woongjin, INC.  by 2x

              See who you know