Jr. Database Developer







                Fitness Matrix Inc
              


              Newark, NJ
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Fitness Matrix Inc has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        This is a remote position.Jr. Database Developer - Work from Home Full-time$64K - $75K per annum1+ Year Experience RequiredVisit fitnessmatrixinc.com  to learn more & apply with your resume and cover letter.Introduction:FitnessMatrixInc is an unique approach to health and wellness that is based on the principle of bio-individuality. This means that we believe that everyone is different and has their own unique needs and challenges. We will work with you to understand your biochemistry and develop a personalized plan that is right for you.SummaryYou will be responsible for developing, testing, improving, and maintaining new and existing databases to help users retrieve data effectively. As part of the IT team, you will work closely with developers to ensure system consistency. You will also collaborate with administrators and clients to provide technical support and identify new requirements. Communication and organization skills are keys for this position, along with problem-solving attitude. Ultimately, you should be able to ensure our database systems run effectively and securely daily.Prerequisites:Proven work experience as a Database developer In-depth understanding of data management (e.g., permissions, recovery, security, and monitoring) Knowledge of software development and user interface web applications Hands-on experience with SQL Familiarity working with .NET Framework, JavaScript, HTML, and Oracle Excellent analytical and organizational skills An ability to understand front-end users' requirements and a problem-solving attitude Excellent verbal and written communication skills BSc degree in Computer Science or relevant field Why should we work with FitnessMatrixInc?FitnessMatrixInc is the leading provider of holistic and multidimensional health and wellness services. We offer a comprehensive approach to health and wellness. We take into account all aspects of your life, from your physical fitness and nutrition to your mental, emotional, and spiritual well-being. We use the latest science and technology to develop our programs and services. We are constantly innovating and finding new ways to help our clients achieve their goals. We offer a variety of programs and services to meet your needs and budget.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Software Development
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Fitness Matrix Inc by 2x

              See who you know