Business Data & Inventory Manager







                the LEGO Group
              


              Boston, MA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      

          69 applicants
        








            See who the LEGO Group has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Business Data & Inventory Manager role at the LEGO Group











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Business Data & Inventory Manager at the LEGO Group.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Job DescriptionAre you dedicated, strategic and focused? Are you fascinated by statistics and analytics? Come join the Allocation & Inventory team!Harness your rapid analytical thinking to respond adeptly to the ever-changing demands of the retail industry! This is your chance to infuse our journey with your innovative ideas and expertise, propelling us toward realizing our high-reaching goals.Play your part in our team success!As our new Business Data & Inventory Manager, you will take on a meaningful role in regional inventory management, and allocate the constant flow of goods to exceed in-stock targets in LEGO Brand Retail stores and our eComm warehouses in North America. You will be responsible for the master data that drives allocation and replenishment.Core ResponsibilitiesBuilding seasonality curves within the A&R system for peak seasonal and promotional activitiesEfficiently and accurately respond to quick changes as well as the day-to-day allocation needs of our e-commerce and LEGO brick and mortar storesSynthesizing data sets to analyze and implement a replenishment methodologyDeveloping allocation strategies to support inventory flow during peak periods and to support stores that have unique events, space constraints and other factorsItem, theme and store level analysis and reporting to discover low or high inventory levels across LEGO® Branded Retail stores and eCommDo you have what it takes?A degree in Computer Science, IT, BI, Data Science or a similar field or equivalent experienceDemonstrated ability in retail and eComm businesses analyzing extensive datasets to create a narrative and implement data-driven decision-makingAdvanced capabilities in math, statistics and algebra as well as Excel including formulas, v-lookups and pivot tablesExperience with allocation systems such as SAP very highly preferredA talent for building positive working relationships with associates at various levels and cross functional areas of the organizationCollaboration and communication skills with clear and concise communication within the team and internal partners such as Planning & Analysis, SIP and DistributionNew Location UpdateThis position will initially be based at our LEGO Education office at Boylston St, Back Bay, Boston before moving to a new central Boston office location by the end of 2026. Our hiring teams will discuss this with you during the interview stages.Hybrid working modelOur workplace enables our LEGO® colleagues to be and do their best at work. Introducing a flexible way of working through a hybrid working model is a great example of how we live up to our ambition. This 3 day in the office hybrid working model will exemplify our People Promise by embracing the different life situations of our colleagues.Join the global LEGO® teamWhat’s in it for you? Here are some of what to expect Family Care Leave – We offer enhanced paid leave options for those important times.Insurances – All colleagues are covered by our life and disability insurance which provides protection and peace of mind.Wellness – We want you to be your best self, so you’ll have access to the Headspace App and lots of wellbeing initiatives and programmes run by local teams where you are basedColleague Discount – We know you'll love to build so from day 1 you will qualify for our generous colleague discount.Bonus – We do our best work to succeed together. When goals are reached, you’ll be rewarded through our global bonus scheme.Your workplace – Our offices will be your primary workplace with flexibility to work from home during your working week. Your People Leader will discuss the principles of our hybrid work model, role eligibility and frequency with you.Children are our role models. Their curiosity, creativity and imagination inspire everything we do. We strive to create a diverse, dynamic and inclusive culture of play at the LEGO Group, where everyone feels safe, valued, and they belong.Build your career brick by brick at the LEGO Group.Join the global LEGO® teamWe strive to create a diverse, dynamic and inclusive culture of play at the LEGO Group, where everyone feels safe, valued and they belong.The LEGO Group is proud to be an equal opportunity and an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.We support our employees in being there for the moments that matter in life and celebrate families of all kinds, the loved ones that make us who we are. Being part of the LEGO Group also means taking part in our annual Play Day, playing a part in building a sustainable future and continuing our mission to “inspire and develop the builders of tomorrow.”The LEGO Group is fully committed to Children’s Rights and Child Wellbeing across the globe. Candidates offered positions with high engagement with children are required to take part in Child Safeguarding Background Screening, as a condition of the offer.Thank you for sharing our global commitment to Children’s Rights.Build your career brick by brick at the LEGO Group.We conduct drug screening as a part of our drug free workplace policy and in support of our commitment to the health and safety of our employees.Online Application Accessibility Statement; which is intended for those with disabilities - LEGO systems endeavors to make www.LEGO.com/jobs accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our web site or need assistance completing the application process, please contact the HR Service Desk at 1.860-763-7777, option #3. Please note, these communication channels should be used for those having difficulty accessing our on-line channels, not to inquire about job opportunities.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Management and Manufacturing
          



            Industries
          

          Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at the LEGO Group by 2x

              See who you know