Mobile Firmware Engineer, Pixel







                Google
              


              Kirkland, WA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Google has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Mobile Firmware Engineer, Pixel role at Google











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Mobile Firmware Engineer, Pixel at Google.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Mountain View, CA, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA; San Diego, CA, USA.Minimum qualifications:Master's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.5 years of experience with cellular modem features development, analysis, carrier requirement handling, and mobile device certifications.Experience programming in C, C++, Python or other related languages.Experience working with cellular carriers (e.g., US carriers or other carriers).Preferred qualifications:Experience with firmware, modems, protocols, 3GPP, and wireless communications.Experience with code and system health, diagnosis and resolution, and software test engineering.Experience with the 5G NR/LTE PHY and protocol layer procedures, with good understanding of L2, RRC, and NAS protocol and expected behaviors from 3GPP point of view.Excellent communication skills, with the ability to take initiatives and manage expectations, drive the features and resolutions delivery, and work with customers and carriers.About The JobGoogle's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.In this role, you will be responsible for all aspects of device development, including the requirements and the features from the global carriers for quality delivery of the Pixel devices, from concept to final delivery. You will closely collaborate with the internal and external stakeholders while participating in the entire cellular product cycle, including frequent and close engagement with the carrier Technical Account Managers, carrier requirement, specific features evaluations, features development and delivery, certification, and issues resolutions.The Google Pixel team focuses on designing and delivering the world's most helpful mobile experience. The team works on shaping the future of Pixel devices and services through some of the most advanced designs, techniques, products, and experiences in consumer electronics. This includes bringing together the best of Google’s artificial intelligence, software, and hardware to build global smartphones and create transformative experiences for users across the world.The US base salary range for this full-time position is $118,000-$172,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google .ResponsibilitiesWork on the feature analysis, evaluations, and compliances for the carriers and participate in engineering tasks for the development of carriers features and certifications efforts.Triage product or system issues and debug by analyzing the sources of issues and the impact on hardware, network, or service operations and quality, track and resolve bugs, and communicate blockers with various stakeholders: Testing teams, Certification teams, Engineers, and carriers' Technical Account Managers.Work closely with the cellular carriers such as the US major carriers and other emerging carriers to address their technical requests, the feature requirements, and the prompt issue resolutions.Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Not Applicable
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology and Engineering
          



            Industries
          

          Information Services and Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Google by 2x

              See who you know