Business Analyst







                Steneral Consulting
              


              Boca Raton, FL
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      

          80 applicants
        








            See who Steneral Consulting has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Business Analyst at Steneral Consulting.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Boca Raton, FL - Local candidates only under 60-90 min commutehighlights are as follows:-5 years expExperience WithSQL ALMSharePointThey want a work example such as a BRDJOB FAMILY: BUSINESS ANALYSIS AND PLANNINGBusiness Analyst General CharacteristicsServes as a liaison between the business community and the IT organization in order to provide technicalsolutions to meet user needs. Possesses expertise in the business unit(s) they support, as well as, anunderstanding of the IT organization’s systems and capabilities. Analyzes business partner’s operations tounderstand their strengths and weaknesses to determine opportunities to automate processes and functions.Assists in the business process redesign and documentation as needed for new technology. Translates highlevel business requirements into functional specifications for the IT organization and manages changes to suchspecifications. Educates the IT organization on the direction of the business. Negotiates agreements andcommitments by facilitating communication between business unit(s) and IT from initial requirements to finalimplementation. Possesses an understanding of technological trends and uses this knowledge to bringsolutions to business units supported to enhance the enterprise’s competitive edge. May makerecommendations for buy vs. build decision.DimensionsEducationBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration, or other related field.Or equivalent work experience.ExperienceTypically has 3 to 5 years of relevant technical or business work experience.ComplexityIntermediate professional level role. Works with business partners within one business function to aligntechnology solutions with business strategies. Demonstrates an informed knowledge of a business area toresolve problems on an ongoing business. Supports several moderately complex business processes. Workson multiple projects as a project team member, occasionally as a project leader. May coach more junior staff.Other Requirements & QualificationsThe business analyst will be responsible for identifying specific business opportunities and collecting and analyzing the data; simplifyingrequirements with the help of flow diagrams and use cases; influencing stakeholders to support business projects; leading projects andcoordinating with other teams to produce better business results; testing business processes and recommending improvements; preparing,reviewing, revising and maintaining technical documents, including software and systems engineering, system operations, testing and userdocumentation; gathering and analyzing technical and product information from various sources to document new or changing productfunctionality; and assisting in the business process redesign and documentation as needed for new technology.The ideal candidate should have high-level written and verbal communication skills, with an emphasis on technical writing. There is a needfor a candidate with analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving abilities, with high-level presentation and negotiation skills. A strongability to adapt and work in a fast-paced environment is critical, as is the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously, with an eyefor prioritization. The candidate should possess an in-depth understanding of organizational data
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Associate
          



          Employment type
        

          Contract
        



            Job function
          

            Research, Analyst, and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Software Development
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Steneral Consulting by 2x

              See who you know