Software Engineer - Remote







                Mayo Clinic
              


              Rochester, MN
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      13 hours ago
  
      

          130 applicants
        








            See who Mayo Clinic has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Engineer - Remote role at Mayo Clinic











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Engineer - Remote at Mayo Clinic.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Why Mayo ClinicMayo Clinic is top-ranked in more specialties than any other care provider according to U.S. News & World Report. As we work together to put the needs of the patient first, we are also dedicated to our employees, investing in competitive compensation and comprehensive benefit plans – to take care of you and your family, now and in the future. And with continuing education and advancement opportunities at every turn, you can build a long, successful career with Mayo Clinic. You’ll thrive in an environment that supports innovation, is committed to ending racism and supporting diversity, equity and inclusion, and provides the resources you need to succeed.ResponsibilitiesThis is a full time remote position within the United States.The Clinical Specialty and Informatic Unit within the Section of Hospital and Surgical Systems in the Departmental Systems Division is looking for a software developer to join the Clinical Specialty team as a Software Engineer. The Clinical Specialties Team mainly develops and supports custom applications for Neurology, Neuro Psychology, Pathology, and other various clinical specialties across the Mayo Clinic enterprise. This position will help lead the development and implementation of custom applications and interfacing with vended products used in these clinical areas. A qualified candidate must be competent in C#/.NET, Angular, React, APIs (REST, FHIR, Apigee , MS SQL/relational databases, HL7, client/server development, and web development, as well as familiarity with APIs Google Cloud, Azure DevOps, Citrix, and Agile software development methodologies. The candidates also must have excellent communication skills to be able to interact with the clinical practice leaders and staff to obtain requirements, design solutions, and provide support.Mayo Clinic will not sponsor or transfer visas for this position including F1 OPT STEM.QualificationsBachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field; Or an Associates’ degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field with an additional 2 years of experience as described below. Have working knowledge and experience of Software Engineering with a minimum of internships and a minimum of 1 yr. of experience, or 2yrs of experience coding applications or services in a high-level language (C, C++, Golang, Java, C# etc.). Demonstrated problem solving and time management skills. Possesses strong technical aptitude for designing and implementing software solutions. Experience with modern application development frameworks Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations. Deep hands-on technical expertise, excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience with Agile software development techniques.Preferred Qualifications For This Position Include Ability to use a wide variety of open-source technologies and cloud-based services. Experience with Google and Azure cloud environments Experience in databases, analytics, big data systems or business intelligence products Experience with building high-performance, highly available and scalable distributed systems. Experience developing software for healthcare related industries.Exemption StatusExemptCompensation Detail$86,611 - $133,682 / yearBenefits EligibleYesScheduleFull TimeHours/Pay Period80Schedule DetailsMonday to Friday, 8:00 am - 5:00pm.Weekend ScheduleN/AInternational AssignmentNoSite DescriptionJust as our reputation has spread beyond our Minnesota roots, so have our locations. Today, our employees are located at our three major campuses in Phoenix/Scottsdale, Arizona, Jacksonville, Florida, Rochester, Minnesota, and at Mayo Clinic Health System campuses throughout Midwestern communities, and at our international locations. Each Mayo Clinic location is a special place where our employees thrive in both their work and personal lives. Learn more about what each unique Mayo Clinic campus has to offer, and where your best fit is.Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity EmployerAs an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.RecruiterTed Keefe
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Hospitals and Health Care
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Mayo Clinic by 2x

              See who you know