QA Engineer







                Steneral Consulting
              


              United States
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who Steneral Consulting has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save QA Engineer at Steneral Consulting.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Share only 2 profilesShare candidates from the locations TX or MNLooking for strong candidates with Web & Mobile Testing, Automation and Api testing. Some UI testing exp is an advantage. Location - TX or MN - fully remoteRole - QA EngineerDuration - 6 months contract with extensionJob Description: We are seeking a seasoned QA engineer experienced in automation for the *** Online team.The QA Engineer will be a member of a self-organizing agile testing team and will be responsible mainly for developing automated test scripts to be executed regularly during intra-sprint testing as well as performance testing as needed. This role will work closely with business, development and project management departments to ensure that the stories included in each sprint are thoroughly vetted and the product produced is fit for use. The QA Engineer will be heavily engaged in reviewing and clarifying the prioritized stories delivered by the Product Owner. Once fully understood and translated into test scenarios, the Quality Assurance Engineer will need to translate those into fully automated test scenarios which can be executed as needed after any code deployments. Any failures encountered will need to be raised as issues within the test management software provided (JIRA, ALM, or other) and managed in collaboration with development to ensure they are resolved in a way that satisfies user stories. This role will also be responsible for identifying the ideal strategy for test automation within the project they are assigned+E1, including but not limited to the selection of appropriate tools. Education: Minimum Required:BA/BS in IT, Computer Science, Business or related field, or comparable professional experienceNice To HaveAgile or SCRUM certifications (CSM, CSP, LeSS practitioner, etc)ExperienceMinimum Required: 5+ years in a testing or quality assurance role within an Agile environment Experience within the financial services industry in either a technical or business capacity Experience working with resources located globally, including outsourced or contracted colleagues Experience automating test scenarios Experience translating performance testing requirements into meaningful and executable test scenariosSkillsMinimum Required: Strong organizational, analytical, and communication skills Proven experience of working across an organization at all levels Demonstrated ability to act decisively and make sound and timely decisions Demonstrated ability to work effectively in a multi-cultural environment and across time zones Proficient with agile SDLC management tools (JIRA) Possess strong knowledge of quality assurance methodologies and familiar with modern testing technologies Familiarity with modern development approaches like Agile/SCRUM/Lean Understanding of the basics of the financial services industry and the regulatory environment in which we operate Experience with SQL and API testing Proficient with modern test automation tools (ex. Selenium)


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Contract
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Software Development
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Steneral Consulting by 2x

              See who you know