Business Engineer







                Meta
              


              Menlo Park, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Meta has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Business Engineering is looking for impact-focused, entrepreneurial engineers ready to bring their ideas and make a difference. We are technology experts that apply our software engineering skills to bring a unique blend of business and technology expertise to ensure our partners succeed. Our team is at the intersection of business and innovation where you will execute on solving real-world business challenges through Meta's platforms and community in many of today’s most exciting industries and products. These include Video, Commerce, Monetization, Metaverse, Gaming, Creators, AI, Messaging and more.You will write scalable production-grade code across Meta's platforms in collaboration with other product engineering teams. You will get to learn and build on different tech stacks and languages. You will use your entrepreneurial passion and the freedom that the role provides to create your own opportunities and choose how you make an impact.The work we do exceeds the boundaries of what is possible quickly, and on a scale. Our work transcends technology and ensures the solutions we build translate into prosperity for all. Our code is designed to engineer and accelerate business growth. Growth is great. Rapid growth is better. Our approach aims to maximize positive impact for our partners as well as the billions of people that use their products and services.Business Engineer Responsibilities:Build new products and improve existing ones in collaboration with Meta product engineering teams and cross functional partners to meet business needsUnderstand and apply deep knowledge of products, technologies, and business to build solutions to solve for problems at scaleDesign and build end-to-end systems and launch-plan strategiesUse broad range of technical and soft skills to build productive relationships with our partners, and independently resolve complex technical and business needsGuide workflow changes, and gain consensus from stakeholders while driving toward solutionsRespond and maintain effective communication with industry partners and internal stakeholdersWork with partners to develop a long- term strategic plan, grounded on business objectives, and manage partners during integrations with Meta’s platform products and ensure value creationBuild and manage strong working relationships with technical counterparts. Mentor and share knowledge with peers, creating positive atmosphere amongst teamConduct code reviews and provide constructive feedback while quickly actioning feedback from code reviews conducted of your codeInfluence decision-making through presentation of data-centric business topics Serve as a subject matter expert within Business Engineering and provide consultation on domain-level projectsParticipate in interviewing and onboarding of new team membersWillingness to travel 25% of the timeMinimum Qualifications:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience.8+ years as a software engineer building and shipping production quality codeExperience with open-source languages such as PHP, Python, Java, or JavaScript FrameworksExperience with writing and shipping reliable, scalable, and efficient code, with an emphasis on long-term maintainability, in partnership with all appropriate reviewers, in manageable pieces with relevant documentation and test plansExperience with software design and architectureExperience communicating technical concepts to non-technical audiencesPreferred Qualifications:Experience contributing to open-source projects, shared code repositories, and/or personal projectsExperience working on multi-person code bases including open source or personal projectsExperience with open-source contributions (especially as part of larger projects)Experience contributing to developer and platform documentationClient/partner-facing and/or experience communicating to an audienceExperience working in highly collaborative environmentsAbout Meta:Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. Please note that Meta may leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies in connection with applications for employment.Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Not Applicable
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Meta by 2x

              See who you know