Software Engineer







                Lazarus AI
              


              Boston, MA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      5 hours ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Lazarus AI has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Engineer role at Lazarus AI











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Engineer at Lazarus AI.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Lazarus creates dynamic, highly accurate machine learning APIs to solve the data extraction and data activation challenges of our customers. Our latest innovation, RikAI, is a large language model that extracts data from any document without training, regardless of type, format, or language. We're a thirty person venture-backed team headquartered in Cambridge, MA, we share a passion for innovation, growth, and a commitment to the responsible use of A.I.You can check out a demo of what we do here: https://www.loom.com/share/cf119144b2f5482d9eed650da055389eLocation: Cambridge,MA or willing to relocate. This is a hybrid role.This is a hybrid position, there will be periods of time (a few months out of the year) where you will have to be in-person at our office for on-site work.Job Description:We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Software Engineer to join our growing team at Lazarus. As a Software Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the systems that power our software products. On the Development Team, we give individuals the chance to learn new skill sets as we work on creating breakthrough products.Responsibilities:Design and implement scalable and maintainable backend systems using a variety of programming languages. Collaborate with front-end developers to integrate backend systems with user-facing applications. Optimize database performance and implement data security measures. Write clean, maintainable code that follows best practices and adheres to coding standardsTroubleshoot and debug issues as they arise. Write unit tests and participate in code reviews to ensure the quality and reliability of our products. Requirements:2+ years of experience in software development using Python. Experience with database design and management. Experience with GitStrong problem-solving and debugging skills. US Citizenship required due to government contracts. The ability to pass a hiring process that will undergo additional security screening and scrutiny. Preferred Skills/Qualifications:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related fieldExperience with JiraExperience with cloud computing platforms such as AWS or GCP. Knowledge of REST API design principles. Experience with continuous integration and deployment tools. Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker. Experience with concepts of machine learning and AI modelsExperience with NoSQL based databases. What We Offer:Comprehensive benefits package, including health, dental, and vision insurance, as well as retirement savings plans. Flexible work environment with the option to work remotely. Opportunities for growth and professional development. A collaborative and supportive company culture that values diversity and inclusion. Salary Range: $100,000-$120,000
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Lazarus AI by 2x

              See who you know