Software Engineer - Networking







                Meta
              


              Seattle, WA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Meta has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        The DC Networking team is responsible for developing, deploying, and operating Meta's global data center networks. Our work covers the entire network lifecycle, including hardware development, capacity planning, distributed and centralized control systems, modeling/provisioning/automation, monitoring/troubleshooting/analytics, and simulation/design/failure analysis. We are actively seeking Software Engineers to help build and scale our rapidly evolving network infrastructure. We are looking for Software Engineers with a passion for networking and aptitude for building scalable distributed systems. Do you want to work on one of the most dynamic, fast-paced networks in the world? Do you want to develop innovative solutions to our challenges and ship them into production? Then a role on one of our network engineering teams is for you!Software Engineer - Networking Responsibilities:Design and implement drivers (and/or Firmware) for (network) ethernet adapter functions, Transport stack for RDMA, control functions with the host/accelerators.Design and implement Platform services such as programming, monitoring, and controlling system components (Optics, PHY, FPGAs, sensors, fan control, power etc).Develop and enhance HPC collective communication and parallel computing libraries such as NCCL, RCCL, OneCCL, and MPIDebug complex, system-level, multi-component issues that typically span across multiple layers from Kernel, and user-mode applications.Minimum Qualifications:Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Degree must be completed prior to joining Meta.Proficient in programming in C/C++/PythonHands on experience with debugging large scale systemsPreferred Qualifications:Experience in one of the following areas -Experience with Linux Kernel, especially drivers and network stackWorking knowledge of transport stack particularly RDMA (RoCEv2)Experience with parallel computing platforms such as CUDA, RoCM and OpenCLPlatform services (program, control, and monitor Optics, PHY, FPGAs, sensors, fan control, power etc), BSP/Board Support Package, Operating Systems, Kernel, Bootloader, Power Management, RTOS, Linux.Experience with Qemu, FPGA Emulation environment is a plusAbout Meta:Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. Please note that Meta may leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies in connection with applications for employment.Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Not Applicable
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Meta by 2x

              See who you know