Software Engineer







                Commure
              


              Mountain View, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who Commure has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Engineer role at Commure











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Engineer at Commure.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Commure and Athelas have recently joined forces to form healthcare's next-generation operating system. Through its pioneering AI-powered platform, the newly combined Commure gives time back to clinicians and staff at hospitals and health systems across the U.S. with easy-to-use clinical, financial, and operational solutions.Together, we're on a mission to connect, protect, and empower healthcare by developing groundbreaking and hyper-connected technologies. We believe deeply that by joining our many datasets and digital solutions together in harmony, we can solve our industry's biggest challenges: improving the experiences of our care providers, bringing down the cost of care, and ensuring the health and wellbeing of our communities.If you want to improve healthcare innovation through close partnerships between developers and doctors, come work with us!Role Summary:Athelas is seeking a Software Engineer to develop and enhance our revenue cycle management product. You will be a pivotal member of our Development Team at Athelas. Constructing end-to-end solutions to transform the revenue cycle management process for healthcare providers, demonstrating a fast-paced, decisive approach. With a detail-oriented and innovative mindset, you'll be seen as a key collaborator with functional teams.ResponsibilitiesDevelop and maintain full-stack solutions, focusing on our revenue cycle management product. Work closely with both backend and frontend technologies, including Python, JavaScript, Vue, React Native, and Flask. Engage in rapid development cycles, emphasizing quick shipping and responsive iteration. Collaborate across the entire software stack, contributing to all stages of software development. Implement features with a strong focus on user experience, customer needs, and product sense. Participate in alerting, reporting, and metrics tracking to enhance software reliability and performance. Provide mentorship within the team, fostering a growth-oriented environment. RequirementsMinimum two years of progressive experience in software development, with a strong preference for backend/full-stack roles. Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experienceProficiency in Python is essential; knowledge of frontend JavaScript technologies (React, Vue, etc.) is beneficial. Demonstrated ability to adapt and thrive in fast-paced, evolving development settings, emphasizing swift execution and agile methodologies. Understanding of containerization and cloud technologies (Docker, Kubernetes) is desirable. A passion for solving complex problems in a high-impact field, along with a strong builder mindset. A degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent practical experience. Strong interpersonal skills, with an emphasis on mentorship and teamwork. Commitment to fostering an inclusive and collaborative work environment. An eye for detail, particularly regarding user experience and understanding customer needs. The salary range that Commure reasonably expects to pay for this position is $115,000 - $150,000. Actual salary offered will vary depending on factors including but not limited to: location, education, experience, skills, and qualifications. In addition to your salary, Commure also offers many competitive elements in our total compensation package for employees such as equity, a comprehensive benefits package, and flexible time off.Benefits IncludeMedical, Dental, and Vision CoverageFSA & HSA accountsCommuter BenefitsFlexible Time Off401kCommure is committed to creating and fostering a diverse team. We are open to all backgrounds and levels of experience, and believe that great people can always find a place. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to all applicants throughout the application process.Please review our Privacy Policy before applying to our openings at Commure.Employees will act in accordance with the organization's information security policies, to include but not limited to protecting assets from unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, destruction or interference nor execute particular security processes or activities. Employees will report to the information security office any confirmed or potential events or other risks to the organization. Employees will be required to attest to these requirements upon hire and on an annual basis.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Commure by 2x

              See who you know