Technical Writer







                Meta
              


              Burlingame, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      4 days ago
  
      

          34 applicants
        








            See who Meta has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Technical Writer role at Meta











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Technical Writer at Meta.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        The Metaverse Horizon Creation team is seeking a Technical Writer to document how to use and develop creation tools for Horizon Worlds, enabling creators to efficiently make engaging experiences.Our ideal candidate will have a demonstrated track record of effectively capturing and communicating technical information related to products and development procedures.Technical Writer Responsibilities:Create and maintain internal and external documentation for technologies and tools used within Meta.Work closely with engineering, product, and support teams to ensure the quality, discoverability, and accuracy of the content you create and develop.Design, write, and edit technical documentation.Navigate through multiple platforms such as web, iOS, and Android.Create and maintain code sample fragments and sample apps.Minimum Qualifications:BA/BS degree in computer science, technical writing, physics, mathematics, or chemistry or equivalent experience.6+ years experience in writing, technical documentation, and/or developer outreach for a developer audience or equivalent experience.Experience independently defining and driving technical documentation projects for different teams and use cases, against tight deadlines.Demonstrated experience designing and implementing maintainable information architectures to help a variety of technical audiences quickly find the information they need.About Meta:Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. Please note that Meta may leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies in connection with applications for employment.Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Not Applicable
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Marketing, Public Relations, and Writing/Editing
          



            Industries
          

          Technology, Information and Internet
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Meta by 2x

              See who you know