Junior Software Engineer







                Leidos
              


              Odenton, MD
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      

          58 applicants
        








            See who Leidos has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Junior Software Engineer role at Leidos











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Junior Software Engineer at Leidos.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












DescriptionUnleash Your Potential!At Leidos, we deliver innovative solutions by leveraging our diverse and talented workforce who are dedicated to our customer’s success. We empower our teams, contribute to our communities, and operate sustainably. Everything we do is built on a commitment to do the right thing for our customers, our people, and our community. Our Mission, Vision, and Values guide the way we do business.If this sounds like an environment where you can thrive, keep reading! Do you thrive working in small teams that collaborate closely with customers? Are you intrigued by big data? Our prototype development program is seeking someone with a strong mission focus who is passionate about new development and rapid prototyping. We want someone who can help us discover smarter, innovative approaches to support mission operations, discover new analytics, enhance tradecraft, and much more!Our LOE program provides our customer's Operations organization with the best possible solutions for their mission needs. We achieve this through rapid prototyping, new development, and advanced technology research. From leading-edge visualizations to analytic development, we're always pushing the boundaries to find new and better data sources and tradecraft to answer intelligence questions. With a focus on collaboration and a fast-paced environment,our prototype development program is the ideal place to grow your skills and make a real impact. Click here to learn more about how this program “Delivers Mission Success!”Your greatest work is ahead! If you’re a talented Junior Software Engineer with a TS/SCI polygraph clearance, we want to hear from you. The Leidos Intelligence Group is looking for someone like you to join our team in the Fort Meade, MD area. As part of this highly visible and fast-paced prime contract, you'll enjoy a competitive benefits package including four or more weeks of Paid Time Off, Flexible Schedules, Discounted Stock Purchase Plans, Education and Training Support, Parental Paid Leave, a 25k Sign on Bonus* and more! Don't miss out on this incredible opportunity to take your career to the next level. Apply today and join one of the most dynamic teams in the industry.Are you ready to join a team dedicated to a mission? Begin your journey of a flourishing and meaningful career, share your resume with us today!Your Main ObjectiveWork in a variety of environments to develop analytics based on data from multiple cyber sources, as well as classic SIGINT for use throughout the enterprise to support missions covering a variety of subjects.Develop prototypes, answering new questions, as well as providing better answers to existing questions.Work directly with the customer in a highly collaborative, integrated fast-paced environment using leading technologies.What Sets You ApartBachelor's degree plus 2-years of relevant experience or Master’s degree and no experience. An Associate’s degree plus 4-years of relevant experience or high school diploma/GED plus 6-years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the positionComputer Science (CS) degree or related fieldTS/SCI clearance with polygraphExperience in Software developmentExperience with JavaAbility to work in a fast-paced environment.You Might Also HaveExperience with analytic development in a Linux environmentExperience with Pig & MapReduceExperience with Jupyter NotebooksAt Leidos, the opportunities are boundless. We challenge our staff with interesting assignments that allow them to thrive professionally and personally. For us, helping you grow your career is good business. We look forward to learning more about you – apply today!Sign on bonus is only applicable to new hiresConmdPay RangePay Range $63,050.00 - $113,975.00The Leidos pay range for this job level is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. Additional factors considered in extending an offer include (but are not limited to) responsibilities of the job, education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity, alignment with market data, applicable bargaining agreement (if any), or other law.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Leidos by 2x

              See who you know