Internship, Fullstack Software Engineer, Applications Engineering (Winter/Spring 2024)







                Tesla
              


              Fremont, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Tesla has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












What To ExpectDisclaimer: This position is expected to start around January or February 2024 and continue through the entire Spring term (i.e. through May 2024) or into Spring/Summer 2024 if available. We ask for a minimum of 12 weeks, full-time and on-site, for most internships. Please consider before submitting an application.International Students: If your work authorization is through CPT, please consult your school on your ability to work 40 hours per week before applying. You must be able to work 40 hours per week on-site. Many students will be limited to part-time during the academic year.Internship Program at TeslaThe Internship Recruiting Team is driven by the passion to recognize and develop emerging talent. Our year-round program places the best students in positions where they will grow technically, professionally, and personally through their experience working closely with their Manager, Mentor, and team. We are dedicated to providing an experience that allows the intern to experience life at Tesla by including them in projects that are critical to their team’s success.About The TeamTesla is seeking passionate software engineering students who thrive in a fast-paced environment and want to apply CS concepts to real world projects. Our Software Engineering teams are responsible for many of Tesla’s innovations!Location(s)Fremont, CAAustin, TXBellevue, WAWhat You'll DoApplications Engineering: We are currently looking for an intern to help architect, build, manage and operate the Infrastructure & applications for Tesla’s Engineering teams including Connected Systems, Firmware and Autopilot. In this role, you will plan, design, implement as well as manage ongoing Infrastructure components that powers the development of Tesla’s Vehicles and technologies.Business Ops & Infrastructure: The Infrastructure Engineering team designs and implements a diverse set of services and tools that power our internal software and processes. The projects you support will have a significant impact on the business and will allow us to grow at exceptional speeds. A strong candidate will either be an excellent software generalist, or experience in fullstack.Service Software Engineering: The Service Engineering team develops tools, processes, and informational content that multiplies the efforts of the field support team. They bridge the gap between what happens with our products in the field and how they’re designed in engineering. Interns on this team will work on areas ranging from software tools for diagnostics to product support.What You'll BringCurrently working towards a BS, MS, or advanced degree in a relevant engineering program such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering. Proficiency in one or more of the following developer skills: Python, Go, Java, C/C++ or other common industry languages.Experience with building and/or maintaining infrastructure and services. Nice to haves: React, JS, Angular, CSS MySQL, MS SQL, OracleExcellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts and ability to write well-organized code.Eagerness to collaborate cross-functionally with other engineering teams while able to work independently; detail-oriented and execution focused.Genuine curiosity and willingness to understand how our products are designed, built and how they operate.BenefitsCompensation and BenefitsAs a full-time Tesla Intern, you will be eligible for: Aetna PPO and HSA plans > 2 medical plan options with $0 payroll deduction Family-building, fertility, adoption and surrogacy benefits Dental (including orthodontic coverage) and vision plans. Both have an option with a $0 payroll contribution Company Paid (Health Savings Account) HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High Deductible Medical Plan with HSA Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) LGBTQ+ care concierge services 401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits Company Paid Basic Life, AD&D, and short-term disability insurance Employee Assistance Program Sick time after 90 days of employment and Paid Holidays Back-up childcare and parenting support resources Voluntary benefits to include: critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, theft & legal services, and pet insurance Commuter benefits Employee discounts and perks programExpected Compensation$28.00 - $50.48/hour + benefitsPay offered may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package for this position may also include other elements dependent on the position offered. Details of participation in these benefit plans will be provided if an employee receives an offer of employment.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Internship
          



          Employment type
        

          Internship
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Renewable Energy Semiconductor Manufacturing, Motor Vehicle Manufacturing, and Utilities
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Tesla by 2x

              See who you know