Video Quality Engineer - Remote







                CBS Philadelphia
              


              New York, NY
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      

          36 applicants
        








            See who CBS Philadelphia has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Video Quality Engineer - Remote role at CBS Philadelphia











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Video Quality Engineer - Remote at CBS Philadelphia.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Search by Keyword or Req IDSearch by LocationClick Here to Search by Job FunctionLoading...Job FunctionAllBrandAllJob TypeAllSelect How Often (in Days) To Receive An AlertSelect how often (in days) to receive an alert:Apply now » Video Quality Engineer - Remote 37695New York, NY, US, 10036TechnologyNew YorkFull-TimeFully RemoteOverview And ResponsibilitiesThe Video Technology team develops industry-leading online and mobile video delivery systems and IP for PlutoTV, Paramount+, CBS.com, CBSSports.com, CBS News, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central and the entire suite of Paramount properties. Our team is responsible for the delivery of premium content to millions of people every day. We set company-wide video standards and help internal business units integrate the video delivery stack into their specific online products. Additionally, the team serves as the company’s information resource on current and future trends in digital video. This is a great opportunity for someone who is interested in doing high-visibility, mission-critical work! You’ll be an integral part of the central Video Technology team working with other video QA and software engineers to build, test, and release video products performing video encoding, packaging, encryption and delivering to various application platforms including desktop, OTT and mobile devices. Additionally, you will be responsible for maintaining and developing QA test plans, troubleshooting and resolving video transcoding -delivery -playback issues. You will work closely with software engineers and product managers to test and release video products that will be distributed to all Paramount business units. Creating Test Strategies, Test Plan and performing test execution of encoding, packaging and delivery to different devices. Collaborating with engineers to investigate issues and provide both functional and technical root cause analysis. Documenting bugs thoroughly and monitor the resolution efforts in the Github Developing and maintaining automated testing solutions that enhance the efficiency of quality assurance efforts against a range of platforms and products Reporting on the full testing suite for both manual and automated tests. Working in a fast paced environment and performing comprehensive QA operations proactively, timely and accurately. Working with customers and internal engineers to troubleshoot issues. Standardizing regression practices across application platforms. Basic QualificationsBachelor in computer science or relevant work experience 1+ years proven experience working as a software QA engineer Experience developing Pytest automated test framework(or similar) and familiarity with a range of automated test strategies. Good knowledge in Python(or similar object oriented programming) Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes. Experience working with AWS media services stack. Strong understanding of agile software development Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans, test cases and test scriptsExperience with video and audio testing. Additional QualificationsExperience using Testrail,Github and Jira software. Experience working with NewRelic or similar observability platform. Experience working on Kubernetes, Docker,Jenkins and cloud infrastructure like AWS Understanding of cloud based video streaming ecosystem Understanding of Ad insertion, encryption and advanced video features. Experience using ffmpeg, subjective and objective video/picture quality testing Experience working in Java, Javascript, HTML, CSS Experience using Android Studio, XCode, Appium, Selenium and Charles Proxy. Experience with tvOS, iOS, Android, Tizen, Playstation, and Roku frameworksExperience with H.264/AVC, H.265/HEVC, VP9, AAC video and audio codec standards. Paramount+, a direct-to-consumer digital subscription video on-demand and live streaming service from Paramount Global, combines live sports, breaking news, and a mountain of entertainment. The premium streaming service features an expansive library of original series, hit shows and popular movies across every genre from world-renowned brands and production studios, including BET, CBS, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Paramount Pictures and the Smithsonian Channel. The service is also the streaming home to unmatched sports programming, including every CBS Sports event, from golf to football to basketball and more, plus exclusive streaming rights for major sports properties, including some of the world’s biggest and most popular soccer leagues. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS stations live across the U.S. in addition to the ability to stream Paramount Streaming’s other live channels: CBSN for 24/7 news, CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis, and ET Live for entertainment coverage.Additional InformationHiring Salary Range: $80,000.00 - 110,000.00.The hiring salary range for this position applies to New York City, California, Colorado, Washington state, and most other geographies. Starting pay for the successful applicant depends on a variety of job-related factors, including but not limited to geographic location, market demands, experience, training, and education. The benefits available for this position include medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, life insurance coverage, disability benefits, tuition assistance program and PTO or, if applicable, as otherwise dictated by the appropriate Collective Bargaining Agreement. This position is bonus eligible.https://www.paramount.com/careers/benefitsParamount is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet.At Paramount, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. Paramount is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status.If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.paramount.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to paramountaccommodations@paramount.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.Nearest Major Market: ManhattanNearest Secondary Market: New York CityApply now »Find Similar JobsCBS, All Current Job Opportunities
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Quality Assurance
          



            Industries
          

          Broadcast Media Production and Distribution
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at CBS Philadelphia by 2x

              See who you know