Data Internships - AI/ML, Business Intelligence, Data Analytics & Science (Summer 2024 - NYC, LA)







                CBS Philadelphia
              


              New York, NY
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who CBS Philadelphia has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Data Internships - AI/ML, Business Intelligence, Data Analytics & Science (Summer 2024 - NYC, LA) role at CBS Philadelphia











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Data Internships - AI/ML, Business Intelligence, Data Analytics & Science (Summer 2024 - NYC, LA) at CBS Philadelphia.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Search by Keyword or Req IDSearch by LocationClick Here to Search by Job FunctionLoading...Job FunctionAllBrandAllJob TypeAllSelect How Often (in Days) To Receive An Alert:Select how often (in days) to receive an alert:Apply now » Data Internships - AI/ML, Business Intelligence, Data Analytics & Science (Summer 2024 - NYC, LA) 37745New York, NY, US, 10036 Fort Lauderdale, FL, US, 33309 Burbank, CA, US, 91505TechnologyNew YorkInternshipEmerging Talent at ParamountCollege students, start your career at the forefront of culture and conversation and work for entertainment's most iconic brands!Our Summer Internship Program offers endless ways to explore careers through an immersive 10-week, well-rounded paid program that encourages students to bring their passions and insights to work. Most importantly, the program acts as a pipeline for future opportunities.Exciting perks tailored just for you!Speaker series with industry expertsUnique networking opportunities & social events Complimentary Paramount+ with Showtime subscription during your internshipWorkshops on crafting your resume, nailing interviews and career strategy1:1 mentorship, volunteer opportunities, on-the-job learning and so much more!Types Of Roles: AI / MLOur mission is to use modern data science to inform decision-making relating to content windowing and investment across Paramount. In this area, you will join a group of top-notch data scientists and data engineers who build predictive models that support highly critical multi-million dollar content-related decisions. This will be achieved in collaboration with our other data science and research groups across Paramount. This represents a uniquely exciting opportunity for a machine learning engineer intern to deliver impact at a leading premium global content company, in an exciting and rapidly-evolving industry.Qualifications:Major in Computer SciencePython experienceExperience with Pandas, scikit learn and other data science librariesExperience with AirflowData EngineeringThe Data Engineer Intern should possess a deep sense of curiosity and a passion for building smarter products based on data, and the ability to communicate data structures and tools throughout the Digital Media organization. If you have interest in helping support data pipeline development, which includes machine-learning algorithms using disparate data sources or extracting patterns from large datasets and transform data into an informational advantage this is a great role for you to consider!Collaborate with the internal product and business intelligence teams to resolve the best approach around data ingestion, structure and storage, then working with the team to ensure accurate implementation.Ability to break down and communicate highly complex data problems into simple, feasible solutions.Qualifications:Experience with tools such as: Python, SQL, Advanced SQL, git, Apache Airflow, Django Chart.js, D3.js BigQuery, dbt. Experience with data management systems, both relational and NoSQL (e.g., HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB). Experience with exploratory data analysis using tools like iPython Notebook, Pandas & matplotlib, etc. Strong problem-solving and creative-thinking skills. Experience with developing data pipelines. Experience with Google Cloud, Microservices Ex, Grafan, Jira, Confluence is a plus. Data Science & Data AnalyticsData analytics & data science is at the heart of decision making in steaming and drives critical decisions across marketing, content & customer service here at Paramount! We are scaling up our international data analytics efforts for streaming to transform how we manage customers across all life cycles. Through testing, we drive business, product, and operational decisions by providing rich data, strategic insights, and product improvement decision-support. If you're a passionate analyst that has interests about data and entertainment and who thrives in a dynamic and fast-paced environment this may be the right role for you!Qualifications:Strong MS Office skills, especially ExcelProficient with analytical tools and languages supporting data analysis, reporting, and visualization - Excel, Google Collaborative Apps (Docs, Sheets, Slides), Tableau, PythonExperience extracting data from databases using SQL Strong detail-orientation with a proclivity for data accuracy and good grammarExceptional communicator across all levels of the organization; able to effectively tell stories with data and present findings to a non-technical audienceExperience using Atlassian agile management tools (JIRA, Jira Align, Enterprise Insights, Confluence) a plusExperience with developing data pipelinesExperience with Orchestration tools such as Apache AirflowBusiness Intelligence Data is key here at Paramount, and as part of the Data & Insights Group (DIG), our Business Intelligence team is a crucial part of our success. We drive business, content, product, and operational decisions by providing rich data, strategic insights and analytical products. We are looking for someone who is passionate about data and entertainment and who thrives in a dynamic and fast-paced environment. Does this sound like you?Qualifications:Strong MS Office skills, especially ExcelUnderstanding of agile and scaled agile measurement standardsProficient with analytical tools and languages supporting data analysis, reporting, and visualization - Excel, Google Collaborative Apps (Docs, Sheets, Slides), Tableau, PythonExperience extracting data from databases using SQL Strong detail-orientation with a proclivity for data accuracy and good grammarExceptional communicator across all levels of the organization; able to effectively tell stories with data and present findings to a non-technical audienceExperience using Atlassian agile management tools (JIRA, Jira Align, Enterprise Insights, Confluence) a plusParamount Global (NASDAQ: PARA, PARAA) is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates premium content and experiences for audiences worldwide. Driven by iconic studios, networks and streaming services, Paramount's portfolio of consumer brands includes CBS, Showtime Networks, Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central, BET, Paramount+, Pluto TV and Simon & Schuster, among others. Paramount delivers the largest share of the U.S. television audience and boasts one of the industry's most important and extensive libraries of TV and film titles. In addition to offering innovative streaming services and digital video products, the company provides powerful capabilities in production, distribution and advertising solutions.Additional InformationHiring Salary Range: $20-$38.The hiring salary range for this position applies to New York City, California, Colorado, Washington state, and most other geographies. Starting pay for the successful applicant depends on a variety of job-related factors, including but not limited to geographic location, market demands, experience, training, and education. The benefits available for this position include medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, life insurance coverage, disability benefits, tuition assistance program and PTO or, if applicable, as otherwise dictated by the appropriate Collective Bargaining Agreement.https://www.paramount.com/careers/benefitsParamount is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet.At Paramount, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. Paramount is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status.If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.paramount.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to paramountaccommodations@paramount.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.Nearest Major Market: ManhattanNearest Secondary Market: New York CityApply now »Find Similar Jobs:Paramount+, Paramount Streaming, Paramount, Interns, All Current Job Opportunities
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Internship
          



          Employment type
        

          Internship
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Broadcast Media Production and Distribution
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at CBS Philadelphia by 2x

              See who you know