Telecommunications Technician







                Stran Technologies
              


              San Diego, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      4 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Stran Technologies has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












IMMEDIATE HIRING – MAC/Voice Telecommunications Technician – San Diego, CA!!! Are you looking to be part of a growing team that is providing mission-focused telecommunication solutions for the Federal government?We are currently hiring a MAC / Voice Telecommunications Technician to be on-site and responsible for the installation, repair, operation, maintenance, and technical support of the Voice Communications systems to include the site PBX, Inside plant cabling (ISP) and communication circuits at various Naval bases in the San Diego Metro area. Location:  This role will be 100% on-site and will require to work at Naval base locations primarily in the San Diego Metro area. All applicants must be located on the West Coast, preferably located in Southern California in either San Diego, Chula Vista, San Marcos, Carlsbad, Oceanside, Vista, Encinitas, or Del Mar. Relocation assistance will not be offered for this position. Compensation:  Position is full-time hourly non-exempt, and the wage determination is between $31.25 to $36.06 an hour depending on experience, plus benefits.Key Functions And Primary Responsibilities Perform voice network moves, adds, and changes which will be initiated and communicated by the customer.  Perform voice network tasks that includes site relocation, telephone station relocation (Moves), new phone installs (Adds), phone key data modifications (Changes), and service deletion (Deletions) as assigned.  Conduct trouble ticket resolution for outages and problems that will require knowledge of telephony troubleshooting procedures and techniques using various test equipment and tools.  Install, Repair, Troubleshoot of external and internal circuits such as T1's, Ethernet, T3, long locals and OPX's.  Moving and lifting items such as ladders, tools, test equipment and cable reels.  Performing diagnostic tests.  Keeping detailed written record of all work activity and changes.  Qualifications:  Understanding of structured cable systems, associated termination equipment, test equipment, industry testing standards and industry approved test procedures.  Experience and proficiency in installation, termination, and testing of premise/building/network cabling to include Cat3, Cat5, Cat5e, Cat6, Fiber-Optic, Riser, and Backbone Cables .  Must have overall understanding and knowledge of telecommunications infrastructure and voice and data applications.  Must be able to effectively work with co-workers and fulfill customer requests.  Must be able to prioritize and handle multiple tasks simultaneously.  Must be able to provide detailed verbal and written updates to the customer.  Successful candidates will be subject to pre-employment background, drug, and MVR screening.  Successful candidates will be subject to maintain a valid driver's license.  Successful candidates will be subject to obtain and maintain a secret government security clearance.  Excellent computer skills using the MS Office Suite of Tools (Excel, Word, Power Point)  Must be able to initially work from 8:00 AM PST to 5:00 PM PST, Monday through Friday, 40 hours per week.  Must have the ability to possess excellent communication skills and the ability to write, speak and communicate fluent English. PreferredAvaya PBX's such as G3R, CM2, CM6 and CM8 platforms, Avaya Voice Mail Systems (Audix, Modular Messaging) and/or Callware Callegra Voice Mail systems. AA/AS Degree in IT, Computer Science, Systems, Network or related degree or certificate of completion.  Physical Demand & Work Environment:  Must be able to sit, stand, stoop and bend for extended periods of time.  Must have dexterity of hands, fingers, and arms to reach, climb or balance and to operate power tools, controls and handle other specific tools or equipment.  Must have ability to climb ladder, scaffolding or be transported by lifts.  Must have the ability to drive/operate a vehicle in a safe manner.  Must be able to regularly lift and transport up to 50 pounds, as well as frequently lift and or transport moderately heavy equipment up to 70 pounds.  Must have the ability to move from place to place within the work environment.  Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.  May be required to wear a mask at some work locations in order to project the health and safety of all on-site employees.  Must have the ability to communicate effectively.  Additional Information: Allegiance Supply Inc is a Veteran owned company and Disabled Veteran Business Enterprise (DVBE) located in Carlsbad, CA. We are an equal employment and affirmative action employer. We evaluate qualified applicants on merit and business needs and not on race, color, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, veteran status, or any other factor protected by law.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Defense and Space Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Stran Technologies by 2x

              See who you know