Full-Stack Software Engineer







                CBS Philadelphia
              


              San Francisco, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      

          176 applicants
        








            See who CBS Philadelphia has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Full-Stack Software Engineer role at CBS Philadelphia











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Full-Stack Software Engineer at CBS Philadelphia.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Search by Keyword or Req IDSearch by LocationClick Here to Search by Job FunctionLoading...Job FunctionAllBrandAllJob TypeAllSelect How Often (in Days) To Receive An AlertSelect how often (in days) to receive an alert:Apply now » Full-Stack Software Engineer 38370San Francisco, CA, US, 94107 Los Angeles, CA, US, 90069TechnologySan FranciscoFull-TimeHybridOverview & ResponsibilitiesWe are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Full-Stack Software Engineer to join our dynamic team. As a Full-Stack Software Engineer you will be responsible for building custom-tailored web solutions and applications for various internal and external teams, including Marketing, Finance, BI, Content Strategy, and others. Your expertise in NextJs, ReactJs, JavaScript, Streamlit, FastAPI, Python, and Postgres will play a crucial role in delivering high-quality and efficient web applications. This role is ideal for someone who thrives in a fast-paced environment, excels in frontend design and user experience, and has a strong background in data modeling and database system design.Collaborate with the product management team to capture requirements and develop web applications that meet partner needs.Apply NextJs, ReactJs, JavaScript, Streamlit, FastAPI, Python, and Postgres to build frontend and backend components.Rapidly prototype web solutions to secure consensus from collaborators before full-scale development begins.Run the entire lifecycle of web products, working closely with the Product Management team.Design and implement data models and database systems to efficiently store and retrieve data.Apply strong knowledge of datasets to optimize application performance.Communicate technical concepts efficiently to non-technical partners, translating complex topics into simple language.Stay updated on industry trends and new technologies to drive continuous improvement in web development processes.Basic QualificationsSTEM undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.At least 1 year of commercial experience in software engineering.Tried experience in web development using NextJs, ReactJs, JavaScript, Python, and Postgres.Strong frontend design and user experience skills.Previous prototyping-, and iterative development work in fast-paced Development environments. Experience in data modeling and database system design.Proficiency in data formations and algorithmic approaches.Additional QualificationsSTEM graduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.Perspicacity of agile development methodologies.Acuity of Streamlit™ and FastAPI.Excellent problem-solving skills, and attention to detail.Effective communication skills, with the ability to convey technical concepts to non-technical customers.Strong collaborative and team-oriented mentality.Tried ability to adapt to evolving technologies and an affinity to learn new tools and languages as needed.38370Join the Paramount Streaming Talent Community ! Get the inside scoop on life at Paramount Streaming and about career opportunities.Paramount+, a direct-to-consumer digital subscription video on-demand and live streaming service from Paramount Global, combines live sports, breaking news, and a mountain of entertainment. The premium streaming service features an expansive library of original series, hit shows and popular movies across every genre from world-renowned brands and production studios, including BET, CBS, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Paramount Pictures and the Smithsonian Channel. The service is also the streaming home to unmatched sports programming, including every CBS Sports event, from golf to football to basketball and more, plus exclusive streaming rights for major sports properties, including some of the world’s biggest and most popular soccer leagues. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS stations live across the U.S. in addition to the ability to stream Paramount Streaming’s other live channels: CBSN for 24/7 news, CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis, and ET Live for entertainment coverage.Additional InformationHiring Salary Range: $98,400.00 - 135,300.00.The hiring salary range for this position applies to New York, California, Colorado, Washington state, and most other geographies. Starting pay for the successful applicant depends on a variety of job-related factors, including but not limited to geographic location, market demands, experience, training, and education. The benefits available for this position include medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, life insurance coverage, disability benefits, tuition assistance program and PTO or, if applicable, as otherwise dictated by the appropriate Collective Bargaining Agreement. This position is bonus eligible.https://www.paramount.com/careers/benefitsParamount is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet.At Paramount, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. Paramount is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status.If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.paramount.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to paramountaccommodations@paramount.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.Nearest Major Market: San FranciscoNearest Secondary Market: OaklandApply now »Find Similar JobsParamount+, Paramount Streaming, Paramount, All Current Job Opportunities


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Contract
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Broadcast Media Production and Distribution
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at CBS Philadelphia by 2x

              See who you know