Junior Quality Assurance Tester







                Outcoder iO
              


              Los Angeles, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Outcoder iO has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        This is a remote position.Junior Quality Assurance Tester - (Junior level, 1 year of relevant experience)Employment Type: Full-Time, Remote workBase Salary: $55K-$77KBrief IntroductionOutcoder iO stands as an exceptional coaching and skill development service focusing on the enhancement of both technical prowess and communication skills. It equips engineers with the necessary tools to expedite their employment search and thrive in their professional journeys.Overview:You will be responsible for ensuring the product is in pristine condition, creating test cases, ensuring the requirements are fully implemented, proposing improvement points, and analyzing whether the features and the products can solve the user’s needs. Bonus points if you can write codes to make the automation!Requirements:Curious. Good problem-solving skills. Loves to play and find loopholes in a game/app. Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes. Proven ability to employ analytical thinking to solve problems and generate solutions. Ability to troubleshoot and think out of the box. Proven ability to collaborate in a multicultural team. Ability to remain focused in a team-oriented environment. Ability and willingness to keep learning. Ability to use software tools such as Gitlab, Word Processor, Spreadsheet, and Web Browser. Knowledge of modern education systems and development fields is desirable. Good verbal and written communication skills (Required language: English) Plus:Has a Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, computer engineering, or a similar major. Experience writing clear, concise, and comprehensive test strategies, plans, and cases. Understand the difference between white-box, grey-box, and black-box testing. Proven work experience in software quality assurance. Proven work experience in the game industry. Experience with automated testing tools. Understanding of basic user experience design patterns – such as button placement, screen space use, hot zones, critical paths, and color pallet. Experience writing automated UI testing scenarios using Selenium or equivalent frameworks. Job Description:Writing test plans and creating test cases for the products. Collaborate with other QA Testers and developers to develop strategies and an effective test plan. Run test cases and analyze the results. Report bugs and errors to the development team in detail. Propose improvement points that will ease the user experience. Help solve problems faced by users and propose ideas to bypass errors. Work with cross-division teams to ensure quality throughout the software development cycle. Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet users’ needs. BenefitsWorking remotely with an international team Accommodation in Bandung (if needed) Meal allowance Healthcare Internet package incentive Why join Outcoder iO?Outcoder iO serves as a career accelerator by providing comprehensive training and skill improvement services. The instruction team at Outcoder possesses in-depth knowledge of the procedure. Their expertise can provide valuable insights and guidance to navigate networking opportunities successfully.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Quality Assurance
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Outcoder iO by 2x

              See who you know