Junior Network Engineer







                Outcoder iO
              


              Los Angeles, CA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Outcoder iO has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        This is a remote position.Junior Network Engineer - (1 year of relevant experience)Employment Type: Full-Time, Remote workBase Salary: $60K-$77KBrief IntroductionOutcoder iO stands as an exceptional coaching and skill development service focusing on the enhancement of both technical prowess and communication skills. It equips engineers with the necessary tools to expedite their employment search and thrive in their professional journeys.Job DescriptionOverview of the roleAllow your passion for improving lives to shine in this role where you’ll provide pre- and post-sale technical support in the specialty of routing and switching. You will own services about networks (Solutions Reviews and Health Checks), Connectivity Service Networks (CSN), and Direct Connect Activities – consulting, configuring, implementing, troubleshooting, and maintaining ownership of new services offered by the Hospital Patient Monitoring (HPM) solutions team.Your role:Acting as the subject matter expert (SME) by collaborating and consulting effectively with sales and service partners, as well as customers and healthcare institutions, to ensure successful integration of solutions into the customer IT environment and to achieve overall business objectives; leveraging insights to drive service innovation leads that align with customer needs. Delivering, deploying, and/or integrating software solutions within the purview of the associated domain for complex IT solutions that carry proprietary real-time life-critical data and are required to reliably output to hospital IT environments. Participating as a key member of the implementation project and/or support team; fostering collaboration through sharing experiences, information, perspectives, skills, and expertise. Resolving technical issues and offering proactive technical support. Practicing strong configuration management and version control. Documenting solutions to ensure support teams and other consultants can participate in support and onward development. Contributing to the collective learning, seeking to share knowledge globally; assessing and sharing repeatable processes that can be leveraged across multiple projects. Driving continuous improvements of implementation methodology and service offerings based on customer feedback. You're the right fit if:You’ve acquired 1 year of professional working experience in the IT technologies or electronics industry, preferably in a field or hospital-based service environment. Experience with patient monitoring, telemetry units, ventilators, and defibrillators is highly preferred. Your skills include network configuration and/or troubleshooting experience, and you have obtained the Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) certification. Significant progress toward professional-level certifications may be considered. Demonstration of skill sets from completion of one or more of the following courses is preferred: ENCOR – Implementing and Operating Cisco Enterprise Network Core Technologies v1.0 DCAC9K – Configuring Cisco Nexus 9K Switches in ACI Mode v3.0 IP6FD – Ipv6 Fundamentals, Design, and Deployment v3.0 ICM – Implementing Cisco Multicast v3.0 CSCGW – Cisco SIP, CUBEs and Gateways You have a bachelor’s degree in computer science, electronics, biomedical, or other related disciplines or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Why join Outcoder iO?Outcoder iO serves as a career accelerator by providing comprehensive training and skill improvement services. The instruction team at Outcoder possesses in-depth knowledge of the procedure. Their expertise can provide valuable insights and guidance to navigate networking opportunities successfully.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Outcoder iO by 2x

              See who you know