Software Quality Assurance Engineer







                CBS Philadelphia
              


              New York, NY
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who CBS Philadelphia has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Quality Assurance Engineer role at CBS Philadelphia











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Quality Assurance Engineer at CBS Philadelphia.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Search by Keyword or Req IDSearch by LocationClick Here to Search by Job FunctionLoading...Job FunctionAllBrandAllJob TypeAllSelect How Often (in Days) To Receive An AlertSelect how often (in days) to receive an alert:Apply now » Software Quality Assurance Engineer 38323New York, NY, US, 10036 Burbank, CA, US, 91505TechnologyNew YorkFull-TimeFully RemoteParamount Plus is seeking a high-performance Software Quality Assurance Engineer to join our team! Are you interested in new media, social activities, and television? We are developing the next generation of multimedia and cross-platform entertainment! The team at Paramount+ values software which exemplifies simplicity of design, maintainability, and foundational adaptability. As a Software QA Engineer, you are expected to think critically and ensure quality throughout the native Android P+ application. The ideal candidate will work with Developers and QA team members to ensure deliverables are timely and meet expectations. This role requires the ability to learn the existing QA processes, maintain the existing suite of tests, develop new test cases, and implement as part of the manual and automated execution. This role can support a fully remote work environment, with the expectation you are able to work PST hours.Overview & ResponsibilitiesWork on product/project teams developing test plans, test cases, and test execution.Contribute to and help maintain the testing framework for various types of testing Functional,) on multiple platforms (web, iOS/Android, emerging platforms). Automate video player test cases, Video automation, video playback, audio playback, closed captions.Test Video playback features on native Android Mobile, FireTV, and Android TV applications.Effectively communicate complex and/or difficult information to both technical and non-technical audiencesWork in a fast-paced, multifaceted environment supporting many products on varied release cycles.Basic Qualifications:1-3+ years of software testing experience (web, mobile, and OTT technologies)2 years of crafting and working with test automation frameworks and developing automated test scripts on native applications (Android) using Java.Experience with any of the following test tools (Selenium, Webdriver, TestNG, Appium, Android, UiAutomator, iOS UiAutomation), charles proxy , JIRA,git.Proficient with continuous development tools and build tools (Jenkins, Bamboo, etc)Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or a related field, and/or equivalent work experience.Additional qualifications:E xperience in video streaming technologies HLS, DASH, DRM ( Play ready, wide vine), DAI (Dynamic ad insertion).Shown background in software engineering and is proficient in software quality standard processes and agile methodologies.You might also have experience with web video playback, encoding, live streaming, and similar conceptsExperience in Test driven development or Behavior driven development.Understanding of video streaming work flows, video encoding, and/or video packaging.Join the Paramount Streaming Talent Community ! Get the inside scoop on life at Paramount Streaming and about career opportunities.Paramount+, a direct-to-consumer digital subscription video on-demand and live streaming service from Paramount Global, combines live sports, breaking news, and a mountain of entertainment. The premium streaming service features an expansive library of original series, hit shows and popular movies across every genre from world-renowned brands and production studios, including BET, CBS, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Paramount Pictures and the Smithsonian Channel. The service is also the streaming home to unmatched sports programming, including every CBS Sports event, from golf to football to basketball and more, plus exclusive streaming rights for major sports properties, including some of the world’s biggest and most popular soccer leagues. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS stations live across the U.S. in addition to the ability to stream Paramount Streaming’s other live channels: CBSN for 24/7 news, CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis, and ET Live for entertainment coverage.Additional InformationHiring Salary Range: $75,000.00 - 105,000.00.The hiring salary range for this position applies to New York, California, Colorado, Washington state, and most other geographies. Starting pay for the successful applicant depends on a variety of job-related factors, including but not limited to geographic location, market demands, experience, training, and education. The benefits available for this position include medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, life insurance coverage, disability benefits, tuition assistance program and PTO or, if applicable, as otherwise dictated by the appropriate Collective Bargaining Agreement. This position is bonus eligible.https://www.paramount.com/careers/benefitsParamount is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet.At Paramount, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. Paramount is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status.If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.paramount.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to paramountaccommodations@paramount.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.Nearest Major Market: ManhattanNearest Secondary Market: New York CityApply now »Find Similar JobsParamount+, Paramount Streaming, Paramount, All Current Job Opportunities
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Broadcast Media Production and Distribution
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at CBS Philadelphia by 2x

              See who you know