Systems Analyst (Entry Level)







                SkyRecruitment LLC
              


              Houston, TX
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      20 hours ago
  
      

          94 applicants
        








            See who SkyRecruitment LLC has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Systems Analyst (Entry Level) role at SkyRecruitment LLC











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Systems Analyst (Entry Level) at SkyRecruitment LLC.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        This is a remote position.Systems Analyst (Entry Level) - US/Canada - 1+ Year - Full-timeHow to Apply: Visit skyrecruitments.com to learn more & applyBrief Intro:SkyRecruitment is a people-focused staffing and recruitment agency that believes in the power of the right match. We are passionate about connecting employers with qualified candidates who are a good fit for their business culture and values.Salary: $57K - $64KJob Summary:As a Systems Analyst, you will play a crucial role in analyzing, designing, and implementing information systems solutions to support our business processes. This is an excellent opportunity to gain practical experience and develop your skills in a supportive and collaborative work environment.Responsibilities:Collaborate with stakeholders to understand business requirements and translate them into technical specifications. Assist in analyzing existing systems and processes to identify areas for improvement. Support the design and development of system enhancements and modifications. Conduct testing and quality assurance activities to ensure the reliability and performance of systems. Assist in troubleshooting and resolving system issues and user inquiries. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate systems and streamline processes. Stay updated with emerging technologies and industry trends to contribute innovative ideas. Prepare documentation and reports to communicate analysis findings and recommendations. Requirements:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Basic understanding of system analysis and design methodologies. Familiarity with software development lifecycle (SDLC) principles. Basic programming knowledge in languages such as Java, C#, or Python. Familiarity with databases and SQL queries. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. Eagerness to learn and grow in the field of systems analysis. Why do we prefer SkyRecruitment?SkyRecruitment's most recruitment clients have incredibly bright, mission-driven coworkers passionate about using modern web technologies to solve real-world problems---and we're multiplying. To continue building an engaging and dynamic organization, we're committed to giving everyone the support & connections with the best clients worldwide possible. We believe diverse perspectives and backgrounds are critical to building great technology, and our goal is to cultivate an environment where people feel equally valued and respected.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Software Development
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at SkyRecruitment LLC by 2x

              See who you know