Others







                Oakland University
              


              Rochester, MI
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 month ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Oakland University has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Others role at Oakland University











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Others at Oakland University.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Position InformationJob Title: Part-Time Patient Care Technician Lecture/Lab/Clinical Instructor - PCT Course - School of NursingJob Description Summary Directs, manages and evaluates student learning in the lecture, lab, and clinical setting. Assists the student in integration of theory and practice, specific to the course’s learning activities and level of the learner. Evaluates the student’s development of clinical reasoning skills. Is available at all times the student is in the lab setting. Directly observes and guides students’ learning activities with clients. Evaluates students in lab as related to the program outcomes. Provides weekly lesson plans to Director of Nursing within established timelines. Provides timely and ongoing feedback to the Director of Nursing regarding individual student and group performance in accomplishment of the course’s outcomes. Must possess knowledge of the structure and function of the human body. Must possess knowledge in patient care skills, basic therapeutic techniques, data collection, communication skills, legal and ethical aspects that affect the practice of the patient care technician, safety measures and vital signs. Must have dexterity with hands-on demonstration, practice, and validation of skills. Must have experience with on-line learning.Minimum QualificationsOakland University School of Nursing Continuing Education accepts applications for part-time nursing faculty with a minimum of a baccalaureate in nursing degree and a minimum of three years of clinical nursing (RN) experience. Candidate must possess a valid state of Michigan nursing license and pass the criminal background check.Special Instructions To ApplicantsLecture assignments are for 25 days totaling 60 hours with additional pay for prep time.Lab assignments are for 26 days totaling 62 hours. Classes will be held during regular school hours at Pontiac High School. The population is high school aged individuals.Clinical assignments are for 11 days totaling 64 hours. Classes will be held Monday through Friday, 09:00 a.m. to 03:00 p.m., at Saint Joseph Mercy Oakland Hospital, Pontiac, Michigan.Oakland University Standard LanguageOakland University is a nationally recognized doctoral university of high research activity located on 1,443 acres of scenic land in the cities of Rochester Hills and Auburn Hills in Oakland County, Michigan. The University has 142 bachelor’s degree programs and 138 graduate degree and certificate programs. Academics include programs in the College of Arts and Sciences, School of Business Administration, School of Education and Human Services, School of Engineering and Computer Science, School of Health Sciences, School of Medicine and School of Nursing.Open Date: 11/03/2022Open Until Filled: YesJob Category: Part-time FacultyEEO Statement SummaryOakland University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applications from women and minorities.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Not Applicable
          



          Employment type
        

          Part-time
        



            Job function
          

            Other
          



            Industries
          

          Higher Education
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Oakland University by 2x

              See who you know