Software Engineer 0 (TBT - 033)







                SageCor Solutions
              


              Fort Meade, MD
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 month ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who SageCor Solutions has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Software Engineer 0 (TBT - 033) role at SageCor Solutions











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Software Engineer 0 (TBT - 033) at SageCor Solutions.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Serving Maryland and the Greater Washington D.C. area, SageCor Solutions (SageCor) is a growing company bringing complete engineering services and true full lifecycle System Engineering services to areas requiring (or desiring) nationally-recognized expertise in high performance computing, large data analytics and cutting edge information technologies.Active TS/SCI W/ Polygraph Required.Job Description:The Software Engineer develops, maintains, and enhances complex and diverse software systems (e.g., processing-intensive analytics, novel algorithm development, manipulation of extremely large data sets, real-time systems, and business management information systems) based upon documented requirements. Works individually or as part of a team. Reviews and tests software components for adherence to the design requirements and documents test results. Resolves software problem reports. Utilizes software development and software design methodologies appropriate to the development environment. Provides specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, use of Commercial Off-the-shelf (COTS)/Government Off-the-shelf (GOTS) in place of new development, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components.Mandatory Skills: No demonstrated experience is required. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required; Four (4) years of SWE experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelors degree. Optional Skills: Analyze user requirements to derive software design and performance requirements Debug existing software and correct defects Provide recommendations for improving documentation and software development process standards Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments Develop simple data queries for existing or proposed databases or data repositoriesSageCor Solutions provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, or any other protected class.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting, Defense and Space Manufacturing, and Software Development
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at SageCor Solutions by 2x

              See who you know