Manual Test Engineer







                CGI
              


              Miami, FL
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      4 hours ago
  
      

          29 applicants
        








            See who CGI has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Manual Test Engineer at CGI.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 









Direct message the job poster from CGI





            
        Jessica Norton




              
        Senior Recruiter at CGI
      
            

 










        Position DescriptionWe're a passionate team of tech enthusiasts and professionals on a mission to reshape the future. We've got everything from cutting-edge projects that challenge your skills to a supportive and inclusive work environment that fuels your growth. Plus, we offer unparalleled opportunities for professional development, empowering you to stay at the forefront of the ever-evolving tech landscape.We are on the lookout for a seasoned Manual Test Engineer/Quality Analyst to join our Digital Transformation Team.This position can be performed in Fort Lauderdale, FL or White Plains, NY in a hybrid work environment.Your future duties and responsibilitiesThe Manual Tester works with the development team to produce top-quality software. The successful Manual Tester develops test plans to test new and existing software, debug code, and improve the usability of software programs Strong understanding of QA processes and concepts including test case preparation and testing methodologies Experience working closely with development and business teams to communicate issues/gaps and to understand business requirements Experience in validating RESTful API web services using Postman or similar tools based on business/design requirements Strong knowledge of system integration testing methodologies Ability to apply the appropriate test measurements and metrics in the product and the QA Team Manage time and workload efficiently, and the ability to prioritize and modify priorities accordingly Strong verbal and written communication skills to discuss, develop and implement plans Work independently as well as work effectively in a scrum team atmosphereRequired Qualifications To Be Successful In This Role 5+ years of experience in manual and automated testing environments Basic to Intermediate SQL queries 4+ years of experience in system functional and technical design reviews and incorporating details from reviews into existing test plans, scenarios and scripts Hands on experience with industry tools and technology Excellent Communication SkillsEducation and Certifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related fieldCGI is required by law in some jurisdictions to include a reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role. The determination of this range includes various factors not limited to skill set, level, experience, relevant training, and licensure and certifications. To support the ability to reward for merit-based performance, CGI typically does not hire individuals at or near the top of the range for their role. Compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the current range for this role in the U.S. is $59,000 - 156,700.At CGI we call our professionals “members” to reinforce that all who join our team are, as owners, empowered to participate in the challenges and rewards that come from building a world-class company. CGI’s benefits include: Competitive base salaries Eligibility to participate in an attractive Share Purchase Plan (SPP) in which the company matches dollar-for-dollar contributions made by eligible employees, up to a maximum, for their job category 401(k) Plan and Profit Participation for eligible members Generous holidays, vacation, and sick leave plans Comprehensive insurance plans that include, among other benefits, medical, dental, vision, life, disability, out-of-county emergency coverage in all countries of employment; Back-up child care, Pet insurance, a Member Assistance Program, a 529 college savings program, a personal financial management tool, lifestyle management programs and moreInsights you can act onWhile technology is at the heart of our clients’ digital transformation, we understand that people are at the heart of business success.When you join CGI, you become a trusted advisor, collaborating with colleagues and clients to bring forward actionable insights that deliver meaningful and sustainable outcomes. We call our employees “members” because they are CGI shareholders and owners and owners who enjoy working and growing together to build a company we are proud of. This has been our Dream since 1976, and it has brought us to where we are today — one of the world’s largest independent providers of IT and business consulting services.At CGI, we recognize the richness that diversity brings. We strive to create a work culture where all belong and collaborate with clients in building more inclusive communities. As an equal-opportunity employer, we want to empower all our members to succeed and grow. If you require an accommodation at any point during the recruitment process, please let us know. We will be happy to assist.Ready to become part of our success story? Join CGI — where your ideas and actions make a difference.Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, height, weight, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the Position ID of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a Position ID will not be returned.We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held. CGI will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrests and conviction records in accordance with all local regulations and ordinances.CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI’s legal duty to furnish information.


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          IT Services and IT Consulting
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at CGI by 2x

              See who you know