Machine Learning Engineer Internship, Document AI - US Remote







                Hugging Face
              


              United States
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 day ago
  
      

          73 applicants
        








            See who Hugging Face has hired for this role
          





        Apply
      

            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Machine Learning Engineer Internship, Document AI - US Remote at Hugging Face.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












DescriptionHere at Hugging Face, we’re on a journey to advance good Machine Learning and make it more accessible. Along the way, we contribute to the development of technology for the better.We have built the fastest-growing, open-source, library of pre-trained models in the world. With more than 500K+ models and 250K+ stars on GitHub, over 15.000 companies are using HF technology in production, including leading AI organizations such as Google, Elastic, Salesforce, Algolia, and Grammarly.About The RoleYou'll work alongside open-source experts on machine learning applied to computer vision and document AI. This includes various possible directions: developing and integrating research ideas and advancing the field with benchmarks, leaderboards, implementations, and evaluations.About YouIf you love open-source, are passionate about making complex technology more accessible to engineers and artists, and want to contribute to one of the fastest-growing ML ecosystems, then we can't wait to see your application!If you're interested in joining us, but don't tick every box above, we still encourage you to apply! We're building a diverse team whose skills, experiences, and background complement one another. We're happy to consider where you might be able to make the biggest impact.More About Hugging FaceWe are actively working to build a culture that values diversity, equity, and inclusivity. We are intentionally building a workplace where people feel respected and supported—regardless of who you are or where you come from. We believe this is foundational to building a great company and community. Hugging Face is an equal opportunity employer and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.We value development. You will work with some of the smartest people in our industry. We are an organization that has a bias for impact and is always challenging ourselves to continuously grow. We provide all employees with reimbursement for relevant conferences, training, and education.We care about your well-being. We offer flexible working hours and remote options. We support our employees wherever they are. While we have office spaces around the world, especially in the US, Canada, and Europe, we're very distributed and all remote employees have the opportunity to visit our offices. If needed, we'll also outfit your workstation to ensure you succeed.We support the community. We believe significant scientific advancements are the result of collaboration across the field. Join a community supporting the ML/AI community.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Internship
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Software Development
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Hugging Face by 2x

              See who you know