Senior, Data Analyst







                Walmart
              


              Dallas, TX
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      4 hours ago
  
      

          30 applicants
        








            See who Walmart has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Senior, Data Analyst role at Walmart











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Senior, Data Analyst at Walmart.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Position Summary...What you'll do...As a Senior data analyst, you will play a prominent technical role to help build foundational data layer which will power the Analytical and Data Science insights. You will work closely with product stakeholders and deliver outstanding business outcomes.About Team: Data VenturesData Ventures, akin to a nimble startup incubated within Walmart is building the best-in-class suite of Data Products to deliver actionable, customer-centric insights and help merchants and suppliers make better business decisions on omni channel 360 performance.What You'll DoUnderstand business data requirements and analyze business systems and processes and help identify the most suitable source for data that is fit for purpose. Perform initial data quality checks on extracted data.Understand business value and relevance of data and help build data enabled insights; Work on Strategy for data ecosystem including Data Management, Data Quality Standards and Data Governance, Accessibility, Storage and Scalability, etc.Translate business requirements into projects, activities, and tasks and develops specific artifact. Identify appropriate methods/tools to be leveraged to provide a solution for the problem. Able to able to support business users with their queries on data and reports.Generate appropriate graphical representations of data and model outcomes. Understand customer requirements to design appropriate data representation for multiple data sets.What You'll BringYou have passion for problem-solving, come with Analytical mindset with critical-thinking, and data skills.Ability to play with huge data and write code and queries in SQL, Python/R for data analysis.You have comprehensive knowledge of Database technologies and distributed datastores (e.g., SQL, NoSQL), also Bigdata and Cloud technologies like GCP BQ and legacy systems.You are well-versed in visualization tools and best practices like Looker, PowerBI etc.You have experience working with large datasets, finding insights, and telling stories using data.About Walmart Global TechImagine working in an environment where one line of code can make life easier for hundreds of millions of people. That's what we do at Walmart Global Tech. We're a team of software engineers, data scientists, cybersecurity expert's and service professionals within the world's leading retailer who make an epic impact and are at the forefront of the next retail disruption. People are why we innovate, and people power our innovations. We are people-led and tech-empowered. We train our team in the skillsets of the future and bring in experts like you to help us grow. We have roles for those chasing their first opportunity as well as those looking for the opportunity that will define their career. Here, you can kickstart a great career in tech, gain new skills and experience for virtually every industry, or leverage your expertise to innovate at scale, impact millions and reimagine the future of retail.Flexible, Hybrid WorkWe use a hybrid way of working that is primarily in office coupled with virtual when not onsite. Our campuses serve as a hub to enhance collaboration, bring us together for purpose and deliver on business needs. This approach helps us make quicker decisions, remove location barriers across our global team and be more flexible in our personal lives.BenefitsBenefits: Beyond our great compensation package, you can receive incentive awards for your performance. Other great perks include 401(k) match, stock purchase plan, paid maternity and parental leave, PTO, multiple health plans, and much more.Equal Opportunity EmployerWalmart, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer - By Choice. We believe we are best equipped to help our associates, customers, and the communities we serve live better when we really know them. That means understanding, respecting, and valuing diversity- unique styles, experiences, identities, ideas and opinions - while being inclusive of all people.The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process.Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.Option 1: Bachelor's degree in Business, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Arts, Finance or related field and 2 years' experience in data analysis, data science, statistics, or related field. Option 2: Master's degree in Business, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology or related field. Option 3: 4 years' experience in data analysis, data science, statistics, or related field.Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.Data science, data analysis, statistics, or related field, Master's degree in Business, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology or related field, Related industry experience (for example, retail, merchandising, healthcare, eCommerce), Successful completion of assessments in data analysis and Business Intelligence tools and scripting languages (for example, SQL, Python, Spark, Scala, R, Power BI, or Tableau)Primary Location...603 MUNGER AVE STE 400, DALLAS, TX 75202, United States of America
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Retail
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Walmart by 2x

              See who you know