Others







                Oakland University
              


              Rochester, MI
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 month ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Oakland University has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Others role at Oakland University











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Others at Oakland University.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Position InformationJob Title: PACE Part-Time InstructorJob Description SummaryBe part of the electric vehicle future!Part Time InstructorOakland UniversityThe Oakland University Engineering Institute is working closely with major automotive companies to create novel educational training modules for the revolutionary transformation to electric vehicles. We are seeking professionals to collaborate with our team and teach online short courses on electric vehicles and batteries.Oakland University is a nationally recognized research institution offering BS, MS, and PhD degrees in science and engineering. It is conveniently located in the heart of the automotive community in southeastern Michigan. Successful applicants will teach a series of short courses each totaling 45 contact hours over 6 weeks. Classes are conducted in live online remote sessions. Sessions will be 2-3 hours for 3 days a week in mornings or afternoon. Class participants are a diverse and highly motivated group of engineers from international automotive companies. Assistance with start-up course materials and online teaching will be provided. This targeted part time job is generously compensated in comparison to regular part time faculty positions.Minimum QualificationsApplicants should have strong engineering and science backgrounds (MS or PHD or equivalent) with practical multidisciplinary knowledge and experience with electric or hybrid electric vehicle engineering. We seek applicants with a strong engineering background, a commitment to excellence in teaching, and an enthusiasm for preparing automotive engineers develop automobiles for the future. Experience with online teaching is a plus.Special Instructions To ApplicantsInterested applicants should submit a cover letter and CV summarizing educational training and engineering experience. For questions or to inquire about opportunities, please contact Dennis Corrigan, Director of Vehicle Electrification Programs dcorrigan@oakland.edu. Opportunities will be available starting May 1, 2022.Oakland University Standard LanguageOakland University is a nationally recognized doctoral university of high research activity located on 1,443 acres of scenic land in the cities of Rochester Hills and Auburn Hills in Oakland County, Michigan. The University has 142 bachelor’s degree programs and 138 graduate degree and certificate programs. Academics include programs in the College of Arts and Sciences, School of Business Administration, School of Education and Human Services, School of Engineering and Computer Science, School of Health Sciences, School of Medicine and School of Nursing. As an anchor institution in southeastern Michigan, Oakland University is committed to building ongoing and collaborative relationships with the surrounding communities. Community and civic engagement enhances the lives of our students and has a positive impact on our broader community.Open Date: 04/21/2022Open Until Filled: YesJob Category: Part-time FacultyEEO Statement SummaryOakland University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applications from women and minorities.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Not Applicable
          



          Employment type
        

          Part-time
        



            Job function
          

            Other
          



            Industries
          

          Higher Education
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Oakland University by 2x

              See who you know