Software Engineer III







                Walmart
              


              Bellevue, WA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      1 week ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who Walmart has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        Position Summary...What you'll do...Walmart Display Ads Platform team is part of AdTech in Walmart Global Tech. Our mission is to connect brand owners and shoppers with relevant display ads. We are building the next generation omni-advertising platforms to facilitate customer shopping journeys and deliver performance and value on a scale.Our team creates reusable technologies to help with customer acquisition, onboarding, and empowering merchants, while ensuring a seamless experience for both of these stakeholders. We also optimize tariffs and assortment in accordance with Walmart's Everyday Low-Cost philosophy. We not only create affordability, but we also deliver customized experiences for customers across all channels - in-store, mobile app, and websites.About TeamOur team creates reusable technologies to help with customer acquisition, onboarding, and empowering merchants, while ensuring a seamless experience for both of these stakeholders. We also optimize tariffs and assortment in accordance with Walmart's Everyday Low Cost philosophy. We not only create affordability, but we also deliver customized experiences for customers across all channels - in-store, mobile app, and websites.What You'll DoCreate/configure minimalistic code for entire component/application and ensure the components are meeting business/technical requirements, non functional requirements with low maintainability and high-availability needs.Create simple , modular, extensible and functional design in adherence to the requirements for multiple products/solutions in the domain. Conduct comprehensive analysis of the requirements/updates/modifications to create long term solutions to meet the requirements.Contribute to the design of of reusable frameworks/processes to capture business/customer requirements.Map the customer requirements into test objectives and create well covered test cases around the functional requirements. Ensure that test cases cover all the test scenarios.What You'll BringBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related areas, with 3+ years' experience in software engineeringStrong in logical coding any programming language, preferred in Java, Golang, Python, etc.Good knowledge around backend technologies (like Spring Suite, SpringBoot, REST-API, cosmos, Kafka, Azure/GCP cloud stack, GraphQL).Good knowledge around architecture patterns, good to have technological experience architecting REST and GQL API services.Prior experience in AdTech, with focus on customer facing products (e.g., Campaign Manager, Insights Reports, etc.)About Walmart Global TechImagine working in an environment where one line of code can make life easier for hundreds of millions of people. That's what we do at Walmart Global Tech. We're a team of software engineers, data scientists, cybersecurity expert's and service professionals within the world's leading retailer who make an epic impact and are at the forefront of the next retail disruption. People are why we innovate, and people power our innovations. We are people-led and tech-empowered. We train our team in the skillsets of the future and bring in experts like you to help us grow. We have roles for those chasing their first opportunity as well as those looking for the opportunity that will define their career. Here, you can kickstart a great career in tech, gain new skills and experience for virtually every industry, or leverage your expertise to innovate at scale, impact millions and reimagine the future of retail.Flexible, Hybrid WorkWe use a hybrid way of working that is primarily in office coupled with virtual when not onsite. Our campuses serve as a hub to enhance collaboration, bring us together for purpose and deliver on business needs. This approach helps us make quicker decisions, remove location barriers across our global team and be more flexible in our personal lives.BenefitsBenefits: Beyond our great compensation package, you can receive incentive awards for your performance. Other great perks include 401(k) match, stock purchase plan, paid maternity and parental leave, PTO, multiple health plans, and much more.Equal Opportunity EmployerWalmart, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer - By Choice. We believe we are best equipped to help our associates, customers and the communities we serve live better when we really know them. That means understanding, respecting and valuing diversity- unique styles, experiences, identities, ideas and opinions - while being inclusive of all people.The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process.At Walmart, we offer competitive pay as well as performance-based incentive awards and other great benefits for a happier mind, body, and wallet. Health benefits include medical, vision and dental coverage. Financial benefits include 401(k), stock purchase and company-paid life insurance. Paid time off benefits include PTO (including sick leave), parental leave, family care leave, bereavement, jury duty, and voting. Other benefits include short-term and long-term disability, company discounts, Military Leave Pay, adoption and surrogacy expense reimbursement, and more.You will also receive PTO and/or PPTO that can be used for vacation, sick leave, holidays, or other purposes. The amount you receive depends on your job classification and length of employment. It will meet or exceed the requirements of paid sick leave laws, where applicable. For information about PTO, see https://one.walmart.com/notices .Live Better U is a Walmart-paid education benefit program for full-time and part-time associates in Walmart and Sam's Club facilities. Programs range from high school completion to bachelor's degrees, including English Language Learning and short-form certificates. Tuition, books, and fees are completely paid for by Walmart.Eligibility requirements apply to some benefits and may depend on your job classification and length of employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be subject to a specific plan or program terms. For information about benefits and eligibility, see One.Walmart at https://bit.ly/3iOOb1J .The annual salary range for this position is $108,000.00-$216,000.00Additional Compensation Includes Annual Or Quarterly Performance Incentives.Additional compensation for certain positions may also include: Regional Pay Zone (RPZ) (based on location) Stock equity incentivesMinimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 2 years' experience in software engineering or related area.Option 2: 4 years' experience in software engineering or related area.Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.Customer ServiceMasters: Computer SciencePrimary Location...10500 Ne 8th St, Bellevue, WA 98004, United States of America
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Mid-Senior level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Retail
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Walmart by 2x

              See who you know