Research Engineer







                Bose Corporation
              


              Framingham, MA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      

          36 applicants
        








            See who Bose Corporation has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Research Engineer role at Bose Corporation











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Research Engineer at Bose Corporation.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Job DescriptionBose Corporation has a long history of creating innovative home entertainment systems, wearable devices, and automotive systems, encompassing both noise control and audio rendering. Our applied research fuels future generations of Bose products in consumer electronics and automotive systems.Within Bose Research, the Advanced Systems Research team builds AI-powered signal processing algorithms that break through the performance barriers of traditional signal processing approaches. We’re looking for innovative research engineers to help us realize breakthrough performance in a wide variety of signal-processing applications by marrying deep neural networks (DNNs) and traditional digital signal processing (DSP).We offer an excellent working environment with a collaborative, team-oriented approach, and flexible working hours.In This Role, You Willwork on problems in noise cancellation, audio processing, situational awareness, and more.develop and extend novel hybrid DNN/DSP architectures to unlock the potential of DNNs in low-latency real-time signal processing environments.work closely with product development teams to ensure that your models can be deployed onto product hardware.be part of a diverse and distributed community of AI/ML practitioners within Bose.Required Qualifications And Experiencestrong understanding of machine learning conceptsstrong understanding of control theory and systemsstrong understanding of DSP with experience in multi-channel adaptive filtersstrong track record of applying deep neural networks to signal-processing problems (including 3+ years impactful hands-on experience with DNNs)implementation of real-time (small or practical) systemsability to develop in Python, Matlab, and Simulinkstrong understanding of one of the major model training frameworks (e.g., PyTorch or TensorFlow) and ability to reimplement cutting-edge deep learning algorithms from scratchsolid software development skills (including but not limited to version control and testing)strong oral and written communication skillsEducationMS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field with a minimum of 5 years related work experience. Ph.D. in EE or CS with a minimum of 2 years experience preferred.Bose is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. For additional information, please review: (1) the EEO is the Law Poster (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf); and (2) its Supplements (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm). Please note, the company's pay transparency is available at http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/EO13665_PrescribedNondiscriminationPostingLanguage_JRFQA508c.pdf. Bose is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the application or employment process, please send an e-mail to Wellbeing@bose.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Motor Vehicle Manufacturing and Computers and Electronics Manufacturing
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Bose Corporation by 2x

              See who you know