Software QA Analyst







                McKesson
              


              Atlanta, GA
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Be among the first 25 applicants
          









            See who McKesson has hired for this role
          



No longer accepting applications







 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












        McKesson is an impact-driven, Fortune 10 company that touches virtually every aspect of healthcare. We are known for delivering insights, products, and services that make quality care more accessible and affordable. Here, we focus on the health, happiness, and well-being of you and those we serve – we care. What you do at McKesson matters. We foster a culture where you can grow, make an impact, and are empowered to bring new ideas. Together, we thrive as we shape the future of health for patients, our communities, and our people. If you want to be part of tomorrow’s health today, we want to hear from you.Job DescriptionMcKesson is in the business of better health and we touch the lives of patients in virtually every aspect of healthcare. McKesson Connected Care & Analytics enables our customer organizations to improve patient outcomes through better care coordination, collaboration and management – while making sustainable performance improvements that drive financial health. Our expertise in connected care, population health, risk management, healthcare analytics and demand forecasting can help you deliver care in the right setting and develop and maintain a thriving business, even in our rapidly evolving industry. Macro Helix helps hospitals and health care systems improve the operational and financial performance of their pharmacy service offerings. Our solutions help clients reduce drug costs, increase reimbursements, and maintain compliance with federal and state regulations. We understand the importance of a system that works together. Your expertise, drive and passion can help us carry out our mission to improve lives and advance healthcare. Join our team of leaders to begin a rewarding career.Current Need:Macro Helix is seeking the right individual to join our team as a QA Analyst. The QA Analyst will collaborate with our team to perform functional testing to deliver a quality product to our clients.Position Description:Evaluates and tests new or modified software programs and software development procedures used to verify that programs function according to user requirements and conform to establishment guidelines. Writes, revises, and verifies quality standards and test procedures for program design and product evaluation to ascertain quality of software. Reviews new or modified program, including documentation, diagram, and flowchart, to determine if program will perform according to user request and conform to guidelines. May review computer operating log to identify program processing errors. Tests program for validity of results, accuracy, reliability, and conformance to establishment standards. May identify differences between establishment standards and user applications and suggest modifications to conform to standards.Qualifications:Minimum Requirements: 4+ years experience in software and/or program testing.Critical Skills:Must have strong experience writing and executing SQL queries.Strong experience with a test management system like qTest/ALMStrong experience of JIRA or similar agile software development toolStrong knowledge of SDLC/Agile Scrum/KANBAN/Test Driven DevelopmentStrong analytical and technical skillsStrong communication skills and self-starterAdditional Knowledge & Skills:Experience automating test cases using one of the following tools Tosca/Selenium, QTP/UFT, LeanFT.Experience in Health Care, pharmaceuticals or managed care is a plus.Experience in Performance testing is a plus.Education:4-year degree in computer science or related field or equivalent experienceCandidates must be authorized to work in USA. Sponsorship is not available for this role.At McKesson, we care about the well-being of the patients and communities we serve, and that starts with caring for our people. That’s why we have a Total Rewards package that includes comprehensive benefits to support physical, mental, and financial well-being. Our Total Rewards offerings serve the different needs of our diverse employee population and ensure they are the healthiest versions of themselves. For more information regarding benefits at McKesson, please click here.As part of Total Rewards, we are proud to offer a competitive compensation package at McKesson. This is determined by several factors, including performance, experience and skills, equity, regular job market evaluations, and geographical markets. In addition to base pay, other compensation, such as an annual bonus or long-term incentive opportunities may be offered.Our Base Pay Range for this position$81,200 - $135,300McKesson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history.McKesson is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including job seekers with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to Disability_Accommodation@McKesson.com. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.Current employees must apply through the internal career site.Join us at McKesson!


        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Entry level
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Quality Assurance
          



            Industries
          

          Hospitals and Health Care
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at McKesson by 2x

              See who you know