Data Science Intern







                Chubb
              


              New York, NY
            



        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      2 weeks ago
  
      



            Over 200 applicants
          









            See who Chubb has hired for this role
          






      Apply
      




 






 



































Join or sign in to find your next job
Join to apply for the Data Science Intern role at Chubb











                      Not you?
              





                    Remove photo
                  





















First name





Last name







Email





Password (8+ characters)




                By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
              

                Continue
              

                Agree & Join
              














or




 




                        Apply on company website
                    







            Security verification
          

              Close
          








































           Already on LinkedIn? Sign in
        






            Save
          



 


Save job



 














        Save this job with your existing LinkedIn profile, or create a new one.
      
          

            
        Your job seeking activity is only visible to you.
      
          



          Email
        










            Continue
          




        Welcome back
      

          
          
        Sign in to save Data Science Intern at Chubb.
      
        
        
















          Email or phone
        









          Password
        


Show





 

Forgot password?



          Sign in
        

 




 





 











                      Report this job
                    
    




 

 












Job DescriptionKEY OBJECTIVE:This position offers the opportunity to leverage the entire spectrum of AI tools towards solving a wide variety of business problems as well as unique challenges in problem-solving. The focus is on applying a combination of industry-standard practices and innovative ideas using structured and unstructured data from multiple sources and applying AI, machine learning and statistical techniques to build, evaluate and implement models.Major ResponsibilitiesWork closely with team of data scientists to design, build, and test machine learning models to solve complex business challenges.Work with large structured and unstructured datasets across multiple source systems to generate insights and solve business problems.Implement advanced statistical and deep learning models to solve problems related to forecasting, pricing, underwriting and risk engineering. Build production quality solutions and work with IT/AI Engineering teams to integrate them in business applications.Present results to both technical and non-technical leaders.Qualifications QUALIFICATIONS Pursuing undergraduate or graduate degree in computer science, computer engineering, statistics or other quantitative fields.Experience in Python programming including common libraries such as Scikit Learn, Pandas, Numpy, NLTK etc. Knowledge of databases and approaches to extracting data preferred.Familiar with the development of machine learning & deep learning models. Text Analytics & Natural Language Processing experience preferred.About UsChubb is the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer. With operations in 54 countries, Chubb provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance, and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. The company is distinguished by its extensive product and service offerings, broad distribution capabilities, exceptional financial strength, underwriting excellence, superior claims handling expertise and local operations globally.At Chubb, we are committed to equal employment opportunity and compliance with all laws and regulations pertaining to it. Our policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion, and other conditions or opportunities of employment, without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, ancestry, mental and physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, age, and pregnancy or any other characteristic protected by law. Performance and qualifications are the only basis upon which we hire, assign, promote, compensate, develop and retain employees. Chubb prohibits all unlawful discrimination, harassment and retaliation against any individual who reports discrimination or harassment.
      

        Show more

        


        Show less

        






            Seniority level
          

            Internship
          



          Employment type
        

          Full-time
        



            Job function
          

            Engineering and Information Technology
          



            Industries
          

          Insurance
          
















Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Chubb by 2x

              See who you know